Don't fall for the  negative reviews. This is best at the price. People following red mi phones but this has bigger advantage. I will write only advantages and cons and feedback Advantage-Amoled display.-Always on display (I compromised but it's there)-5000 Mah battery and runs 2 days.-Fast charging and 15W charger in the box.-Wide angle camera is awsum.-No heating no lagging.-Face unlock is very fast.-Mainly look is stunning.....-Very low radiation-Blue light filter-Lock screen story and stunning pics.Cons-Little slippery in hand but trust me a 99 Rs cover solved it straight away.-Online availability.(Now in stock)-No splash proof (as per the other reviews as I am not going to test this anyway?Feedbackfeedback-People say camera but I find it's too good.-People say speaker. One in the bottom is loud  and clear enough.-People compare with Mi but forget that China model with LCD display and 0.9 SAR value. M30 has SAR of 0.43After Using for 1 week-All well and amazing.-Working in Telcos with lost of calls phone still has 30% batt on second day. To add i have played game for 30 min and watched online movie for 3 hrs on Jio cinema along with hectic job schedule.
Last few months I am using this mobile performance wise not bad, if you download any file you can't find where it saved.Display -ok not full HD,Audio- LowSpeed - you can't play any online games it will be very slow. Earphone -not available.Cam-Good, Totally it is an average product, you can use for only calls and watching movies, Phone contains fiber body, we have to handle carefully.
I just picked up an amazing phone which is Samsung m30 and I'm so happy to make the right decision.Talking about this phone, this comes with great battery life and I can strem all my favourite songs and play games without worrying that it may go off. The camera is very good, captures great pics doesn't let me down. My friends take my phone and go on clicking selfies. I already have 400 plus photos in my gallery. The storage capacity is not a worry either, thanks to the 128gb varient.The display is really very good. Everything so bright and nice. It is not at all heavy and the gaming performance is great. I'm loving it! :)
No EarPhone In Box And Mobile Cover Of Samsung M30.Samsung Provide Earphones in 2k Mobiles, But Here It's Missing. I Want To Return Samsung M30, Revert If It's Possible Now?
A Samsung's new launched M30 Smart phone is very cool because of the Infinity U AMOLED Fhd + Display is looking very nice. 13 MP ultra - wide dual camera & a triple camera setup capture which is clearly so cool with one of the best photography & great selfies. One of best part is that the battery lasts long since it has massive 5000 mAh battery & also 3x Fast Charge. Storage its also an important factor. It has 4GB RAM | 64GB internal memory expandable up to 512GB, it means you have sufficient space where you can downlod videos, movies, songs and data. Next is, it has Dual SIM slots and a dedicated slot for memory card.Samsung M30 hasExynos 7904 Processor1.8 GHz Octa Core Processor & 4GB RAM - multitask gaming, videos, etc.
Very good screen clarity, it looks very neat and appealing, Camera is very good, low light photography is excellent. Fingerprint sensor is fast and it has good speed which helps me switch between apps smoothly. Gaming on this phone is awesome and it doesn't lag while playing games like PUBG and NFS. The 5000mah battery helps me almost never run out of charge . The charger included with the phone charges my phone in a matter of minutes. The AMOLED display helps me see clearer images and lets me watch movies in high definition.The Dolby digital feature helps me listen to music in high quality sound with a beautiful infinity V cut display the phone looks better than anyone. I love it
Phone is just fantastic but one problem in here.. does not work Google play or can't install or update any apps from Google play.. only just install from Samsung Galaxy app😓😓
Liked-Battery backup (3days)Wide Camera featureSimple UI3 slots sim+mmcDisliked-SlipperyNO Pie updateonly single speaker at the bottom
Bought it in the 1st sale. Using for 3rd day now and what i feel is ..Elegant  looks.Display quality is brilliant.Cameras are lovely. And charging speed is great thanks to inbox 15w charger. For a average regular user having not much  interest  of playing games I would definitely recommend  this. Moreover, design is literally premium and and finally Brand is Samsung 😀
I was lucky enough to get this Amazing device in the very first sale on 7th March and that too my desirable variant ! 😊 The delivery was also fast. Thanks to Amazon ! 👍The phone is definitely a True Value For Money as it offers great specs along with great features with an attractive price tag. Let me organise my views about this amazing phone  as follows...LOOKS : 🔎📲👍The mobile is definitely an eye-catcher due to its Premium finish, Slim body, Bezel less screen and the Double shaded back panel (I got a Gradation Blue Variant for me !)The volume and power buttons are placed rightly and are easy to access.CAMERA : 📸 👍It has 16 MP + 3 MP + 3MP Triple camera which captures Amazing shots !With 7 different modes, you can choose the best one according to the scene being clicked. There's a button for Wide Angle which instantly widens the scene to be captured. I have attached the shots of the ceiling with and without Wide Angle Mode. Besides, the stickers and beauty modes work superb to get attractive selfie too.DISPLAY : 📱👍6.4 inch Super AMOLED display is brilliant and a small U shaped notch adds to the attraction of its infinity display... The touch and interface is super smooth too and the brightness level is very efficient. You don't need to set it to full brightness when you are outside even in the afternoon.MULTI TASKING : 📚👍With it's huge 6GB RAM and 128GB Storage, it's very easy to perform as many tasks as you want without any lag. The phone performs flawlessly without any lag or heating. You can activate Pop up window setting and it will make your Multi Tasking lot more easy and interesting too.BATTERY : 🔋🤔Battery sure is a huge one, i.e.5000mAh, but I didn't feel it sufficient enough to last for 24 hours even. Maybe, it's due to network issues or maybe I have to watch it again after some more charge cycles.Though, Fast charging from it's 15 watt charger (type C port) is indeed capable of charging the phone really fast.EXTRAS : 📝Besides all those stated above, I would like to add some more bullet points...👍🔹The Face recognition works great ! There's a lighting animation around the front camera while it tries to identity your face. Looks nice.🔹 Fingerprint sensor is quick and responsive. You can activate a setting after which you can scroll down the notification tray by sliding your finger on the Fingerprint sensor only !🔹 The audio quality of the speaker and the earpiece is good. Though, I felt it a bit low when I recorded my voice on star maker app.🔹 Has dedicated slots for 2 Sims and 1 Memory card.🔹 Packed with all the needed sensors.👎🔹I found no option of assigning a SIM to a specific contact.🔹 The back panel is plastic and it's kind of finger print magnet.🔹 The Do Not Disturb function doesn't mute the phone completely though it says so. Instead, I click on the Speaker icon to mute in notification tray.🔹 No Gorilla glass protection for the display.🔹 It's not water resistant.🔹 It doesn't have an Always On Display.🔹 No Slow Motion video recording feature.🔹 Runs on Android 8.1. Don't know when will it get the Pie update.Overall, I feel it is an Amazing phone in this price and I am very satisfied with it's overall performance. It completely justifies it's price. I would strongly recommend this device to everyone looking for a Superb mobile in a moderate budget. Go for it and Thank me later ! 😊
Vishwa Shah M30 - 4+64 It's really amazing,the phone looks great the features are up to the mark .it has got everything which someone would want in a phone, really loved it ...also the picture quality is way too good and the sound effect as well.The phone is speedy and the battery lasts longer too.It is also very easy to use and equally easy to carry and handle and looks pretty cool it has got every possible required features and I will highly recommend people to go for this amazingly great phoneSamsung has actually done a great job,thank you!!! Y'all wouldn't regret buying this phone and it is so affordable.
This is the best phone i found at this price range. I just loved it. It is super fast and the screen is just beautiful thanks to the Amoled fhd display. The fast charging charges the phone in no time. More ever the 5000 mah battery is a just incredible at the end of day i have around 30% juice remaining!!!! For a pubg lover like me... All i can say is the phone is very very smooth no lags, no frame drops and the big screen gives the best experience 😍. I also liked the front camera which clicks amazing selfies coming to the back camera its just Lit!! The photos look real and natural colours are preserved as well. All i can say is its a stunning phone worth the price.... Loved it!!!
Charging is not getting done. Once switch on the mobile. Within 1 minute charging getting 0 and switch off. When switch on again its showing 70% and same getting switch off. Not getting charging while mobile is on
First things first,The phone is not for everyone. You may be thinking you should get a gaming phone at this price. But it is not.However, the good news is that there are other good phones in this price range if you are looking for a gaming device and especially looking to buy it for playing PUBG. Trust me, do not buy this phone if you are into gaming.So, who should buy the device? Any non-gamer user who loves other aspects of the phone such as a display, battery, camera and so on.DisplayThe display is the most stunning feature of the Samsung M30. It is vibrant and simply stands out. I compared it with my POCO F1 and found it more vibrant, clear and with a punchy contrast. But that doesn't mean POCO F1 display is bad. At 15K, you are getting one heck of a deal when it comes to the display.Another thing that I noticed is the great body to screen ration. It almost covers the whole screen.Processor and RAMAs we said earlier, the processor is not up to mark when it comes to running heavy apps such as games. But for an average user like me and you, who love to do calls, read messages and run the basic application, the phone will be more than enough. It will not go slow while using the available RAM(4GB in my case).Battery5000mAh battery is super awesome! It is another selling point for the phone. If you are looking for a big battery then the phone is for you. Also, the processor and OS are optimized for each other which makes the battery last longer.CameraI didn't test camera that much. But, it does look nice. You can take nice photos. But the camera does not perform best in low light conditions which is okay for a phone priced at 15K.OSI tried Samsung OS for the first time. I found it pretty decent, but not outstanding. You need to navigate multiple times for basic features. But, the good thing is that the UI will help you navigate and you will eventually find the option that you are looking for.In shortDisplay: One of the bestBattery: 5000mAh, more than enough for heavy one day use. Can easily last two days for normal users.Processor + RAM: Great for normal users, not great for gamers.OS: DecentOverall rating: 8.5/10
I have chosen this product over other mobiles in this price range for below reasons :1. Big battery(5000mah -others have only 4000mah)2. Triple card slot(believe me this matters though we tend to ignore this point but for those who use double sim ... we would definitely need to use both sims and one memory chip)3. Super amoled display (again other mobiles simply don't have it)4. Fast charging + fast charger in-the- box5. Wide angle camera- useful for big family photos6. Samsung trust factorNow after using our fire two full days below are pros and cons I found :Pros:---------1. Battery - Simply awesome. I first charged it yesterday 9.30 AM (100%). Since I did below tasks throughout yesterday and today and it went to 10% today at 6.44 PM  ( so 1 day & 9 hrs) :  ▪ Audio calls  ▪ video calls  ▪ internet browsing  ▪ listening to songs (headphone and speaker both)  ▪ watching movie (Netflix) and YouTube  ▪ setting up phone( usual setting for a new phone - so basically screen was on)  ▪ playing games( asphalt 9, dead target,  fruit ninja) - all games ran without single stutter2. Screen- simply beautifulBeing amoled display it show very deep colours which u won't see in normal fhd lcd/tft displays.As soon as u will see other mobiles without amoled u will notice the difference.3. UI is smooth and gestures are nice.4. Always on display gives our result premium look ( though our drains battery faster)5. Headphone quality is very nice6. Call quality is also very nice( the most important feature of any phone but we least bother about it nowadays 😉)7. Charging time nice for 5000 mah battery- 2.15 hrs >> 10% to 100%)8. Camera is decent (not the best int this price range)Cons:---------1. Processor works fine though but i felt slight stutters here n there (but fortunately it worked really nice for three games i played as mentioned above)2. Camera doesn't perform well in low light conditions) [but works great in day light]Till now i m seriously enjoying using this phone even people in my office are appreciating our thanks to its stunning display.For me its truly practical phone for my requirement as I m not a serious gamer but i will post  updated review on 18th before its next sale on 19th so that u can decide if this phone is for you or not
It's just the 3rd day and proximity sensor is not working in this device and ear piece is heating up while on call. Phone is slow and not a right choice for 15k. Please consider other brand products this phone is not good for regular usage as well.
I am giving 1 star for Amazon service and 2 star for this phone camera quality is not better and  I used two days heating problem comes.  If you buy this phone from Amazon then it will not be replaceable and returned because a smart check app made for phone performance checking,  it always shows right in all parameters. In this way you won't be able to replace / return this phone. So I suggest Dont purchase this phone Samsung Galaxy M30 from Amazon if it defective found it won't be replaced
Good looking fone nice display asusual from Samsung I loved Samsung phone but now since they start using there exynos processors in there fones there phones have become a crap..till note 2 everything was fine..but after note 2 I bought  j7 2016 it had network issues  then finally I sold it for peanuts..then I didn't buy Samsung for a year I used other brands and was happy with there performance..but as I said I always  liked Samsung Mobile..so I thought to give one more try to newly launched Samsung m30 I bought it on first day sale..but to shock me it had same networks  issues as I had with j7 2016..very slow internet like 2G speed ..so I was sure its again same exynos processor problem..so called the Amazon cor the same they said technician ll visit to check the phone and technician said the same this phone had hardware problems. It's just I know coz of exynos processor..now they are going to replace it with new one but I have no trust that even second replaced phone ll be working well...as it ll have same issue coz of exynos  processor what to do can't get refund..so only can think of I ll have better luck with replaced samsm30..pray for me..speaker quality is cranky worst than an ordinary mobile fone microphone quality is also very poor to the surprise no headphones in the box.. I must admit  display is awesome...
Custom binary blocked by reactivation..... not sure what the hell is that mean but "Expert chat in support says " contact Samsung CCC as if i got plenty spare time to fix your pathetic phone issues.There is something really wrong! you buy a product and run after solving someone else issues. samsung / customer service OPs. get a lifeUPDATE: I am still continuing conversation with customer service for pickup and replacement! THIS IS HORROR
I have purchased Samsung Galaxy M30 through Amazon flash sale on 19th March and received on 20th March. Upon unboxing I noticed that right corner of phone is bulged out. Now waiting for technician to inspect. I also found many people faced similar issues.
I just purchased this model. It has an overheating issue even during browsing and if we play PubG that time it's too much overheated. Battery Draining issue does not seem like 5000 mah battery till evening only 40% battery remaining. In this model Samsung remove Secure Folder option so we can not hide personal data.
 Got a faulty Samsung M30 phone.After two weeks of using found that the camera stopped working.Camera Issue:When we click on camera icon blank screen is coming.Lag issue:Sometimes on touching on any icon an evident delay is happening.With all these issues reported given to service centerThings done in service center: - Updated OS - Replaced cameraStill the issue is not fixed.Now they told they will replaced the panel and check. Still haven't found any problem. When requested for replacement with all these valid problems not replacing the faulty phone.Very rude people working for Samsung customer care. Worst experience with that also.IMPORTANT NOTE:Attached video of those problems. Please refer it... Can attach only one videoNew Update:Finally they have replaced the board and the problem was fixed...And they gave me 6 months extended warranty.Though didn't get a device replacement.
Best ram managementPro cameraAmazing Displayeverything is good and fastAlso made in india.
When it comes to Samsung M30, you know you're in a good deal. From the display to the look of it, I love every single bit of it. The blue gradient color is one to look out of for. When it comes to using it, you have a power packed device in your hand. Powered with Android 8.1, it is the latest one in the market making it already a favourite. When it comes to RAM, it handles it all. The camera is pretty impressive and the display is an infinite making it amazing to view at. The battery life on the other hand, is long enough letting you do whatever you want to. Even if the battery is low, it charges up extremely fast enough to enjoy your phone once again. The fast charger is a unique and a must have one. The camera has all the settings of that a professional camera, making it an amazing option to have. I highly recommend this for all students
Samsung galaxy M30 is the lowest priced smart phone with 3 back cameras.It has a 16mp front camera with focus which is seen very less in any smartphone below 18,000 INR M30 also gives a 5000 MaH battery so we get a better battery back up and use the phone all day without any need to charge.Phone comes with a amoled display so the contrast and the characters are really sharp and the screen looks really beautiful.The 6gb ram and 128GB RAM will make your phone run faster than ever you can play any game in your phone so your gaming experience is going to be really good and The phone is really light you wont even feel any weight on your pockets when you roam around and looks of the phone is mind blowing overall Samsung galaxy M30 is a delight to have in your hands If your budget is under 20000 it is your go to phone
Great screen and battery backup Impressed me. Pubg worked well in medium. Camera looked good and all.....the next day,it worked for seconds and the screen died while using it. No external damage. Just went black,and touch was still working. Worse customer service but finally got my refund (replacement wasn't even available) today. It also has a crap processor. It lagged when switching apps. Go for note 7 pro,way better buy than this.
Worst camera quality. Both front & back cameras are not up to the mark ."Face recognition" is also slow.Screen, Look, battery is gud. But picture quality is too bad.
Unboxed the item and tried to play ringtone or any song to check Audio quality. External speaker is not working . Performed Soft reset and Hard reset both. Now the device become abnormal state during booting stage and  is rebooting automatically for more than 30 mins by showing "SAMSUNG GALAXY M30" nothing given over control to move forward...Hold power button on time to control above situation but no use. Is started working like as Un programmed ROBOT.Not at all expected from SAMSUNG.!!!!!!!!!!!!!Are you guys are checking\testing products properly before dispatching to the customers ?? (or) for flash sale sake running behind ???? thinking like Let first deliver and make money, later on will respond to the customers if they face any problem with the defective piece. .Irony is for this product especially, customer will not get an option to select replacement or refund option . You have to be dependent on customer care executive for any further support.You will not come to know the status immediately though executive raised a request for Replacement. It take some time to reflect in the system to update after going through several approvals process. I.e replacement / Refund is not hassle free process.
So yeah talking about samsung M30 its just amazing with new classic look you can say the phone is of next generation and pretty amazing with its features. Talking about camera who needs digital camera if you have samsung M30 who need play station when you have this M30 with its amazing gaming mode and talking about selfie features such a zoom out selfie is lit portrait and and many others like it has all in one we can say a complete phone talking about processor of the phone its ultra amazing one can play games without getting hang amazing touch like its just sleek and smooth 3 cameras back and 1 in front amazing like its catches your personality cool battery life so amazing like we charged for minutes and hold it for 2 days continuous battery life talking about price of phone it is very structural and affordable for every middle class person so that even they can also have phone with all the banging features even slow mode and video mode is very unique coming to the body of the phone gradient colour is very mesmerising battery life is super ultimate i would say its very powerful and I’ll surely recommend my friends to go for it.
I have not receive screen guard and back cover
Loving the m30. Super light and easy to hold thanks to its curved design. Sometimes the screen gets a little cut off at the corners but that's okay. Great customisation. Battery is pretty great. Love that the headphone Jack and the charging point is on the same end and that it has a dedicated slot. Finger print  scanner and face detection is a little dull. Can't lock my phone with finger print like I could on my Moto G5s+. Also the speaker kinda resounds, as though you were in a closed room. Also camera is pretty average, hating the beauty mode. Touch sensitivity can also be a little awkward sometimes in the corners. All in all it's a decent phone, great battery life so for basic users who don't play games sometimes or all the time. It's a great handset to have invested in. However, it suits my basic needs, so I'm all for it.
Screen is amazing battrey life is also good at this price range
Pros:-  Made in India.  Big battery (5,000 mAh)  Fast charging support (fast charger is included in the box)  Type-C charging port  6.4inches FHD+ Super AMOLED display with infinity-U cut design  Tripple Slot(Two SIM cards+Memory Card simultaneously)  Tripple Cameras (13MP+5MP+5MP)  Front camera 16MP(f/1.9)Cons:-  Plastic body instead of metal  Less powerful processor compare to other phones in same price range  Design should be improved as device is slippery  Camera in low light is average compare to other new phones in same price rangeGood phone in this budget and trust of Samsung makes it more reliable.
The mobile is getting struck and it's taking 3 hours for full charge from less than 10% to 100% with 15W fast charger given by them in the box....Then there's no point of fast charging here...In 3 hours any phone wil get fully charged with any charger...Then wats the point here saying fast charger and 3x faster and all...
Phone specifications are awesome but it's build quality is too poor. It's rare is scratched in only one day normal use . Im disappointed with it.
After 4months using of this mobiles set, I am writing my this feedback.  Samsung M30 processing is slow, it's finger print senser and face detection features are not upto the mark. Its Battery which is 5000AmH, does not seem powerful battery, it's performance is equal to 2800-3000AmH battery, it get s drained very fast watching videos. If you charge its battery 100% then it comes down 97% within 30 minutes without using the phone.Camera quality is also not good, there is no sense of rear triple camera.This is only Brand Tag Samsung but over all quality of this phone is not good. It is not worthwhile to o spend Rs 15000 for this "GHATIYA" mobile.So if somebody wants to buy M30, don't buy it. Better should go for Redmi note 7 pro/ Honor or Vivo
The phone is not at all good ....phones that other brands offer in the same price range are fabulous.The finger print scanner keep shaking and feels of cheap quality.samsung justs did a lot of marketing about the device but the main highlight the CAMERA is really a peice of shit not at all good..the camera in the "mi note 7 pro" is way better than the samsung M30 anyday.
Samsung..great performance !!Looks pretty!!
The phone was amazing as I'm a selfie girl the front camera is Amazing 😀 the 3 camera Feature which gives the back camera a good Focus, The phone is designed in an amazing way with face id and finger print and many more,battery is long lasting samoled FHD +display .I have chosen the black colour Variant which has amazing display, this phone is Way better than my old phone. As it has it's best photography option in everymode we can edit the photos. 13+5+5MP triple rear camera with f1.9aperture 2.2wideangle , 2.2flash 16MP front camera with f20aperture . Memory ,storage has good capacity and phone doesn’t hang as my Last phone . And it has a dual sim Samsung M30 is an amazing phone with amazing choice with lot of new adavance technique . As I have the m30 it is an amazing phone I recommend all to take this phone .
Samsung Midrange Smartphone at its best!!Screen: sAMOLED Display too goodBattery: 48+ Hours with a  more than normal usage.Speed: Pubg goes well. no HeatingCamera: Not Too Good. but less than Expected.Best Product to buy....If camera is not your primary Preference.
The first thing that noticed while unboxing was the gradant look samsung gave to the phone it was just awesome 😍. The battery is just outstanding 5000mah with normal usage it lasts about 2-3 days. Gamers go for it the super amoled display gives a marvellous experience in gaming. The first phone in market with triple camera in this range it has one depth camera the close up shots are just yoo good and the wide angle camera captures outstanding images. The selfies are just super awesome with great quality. 6.4 inch comes with infinity display just loved it.The phone never had lagging issues the games like pubg ran very smoothly✔The fingerprint sensor also responds with second or less.samsung always comes with the great picture quality also this time the picture quality i love it the triple cameras are just best to capture life's unforgettable moments.Just a great piece of advice from your brother in this price range there is no other like Samsung. Just go for it 😍😍😍The M30 and M series are just killing it great price ,great specs,quality,and the brand Samsung just loved it ✋😍✔"
THE WORST PHONE THAT I'VE EVER USED!!Purchased on : April 2, 2019Received on : April 4, 2019I actually brought Samsung Galaxy M30 on March 12 (flash sale)... The phone died in just 6 days... The phone didn't turn on again... I requested a replacement for the product, but it was not in stock... So amazon refunded my money on Amazon Pay... I purchased M30 again (on April 2, 2019)... The phone died again just within 2 days!! The screen turned off automatically while I was using it... I tried to turn it on thinking that this might be an accidental switch off... My phone had a charge around 57%... But when I tried to turn on, nothing happened... I plugged a charger into it, it just showed a circle with a lighting symbol (⚡) in it... The same thing had happened with my first M30... Now I've requested for a refund from amazon... I trusted Samsung a lot... But it BROKE MY TRUST WITHIN BLINKS!!! NEVER BUY A SAMSUNG PHONE!!!
Overall  phone is good at this price..The camera is not as expect.
Received it today.firstly the screen and display is great but the polycarbonate body looks real cheap for this price range.Checked through the settings and apps.well you will not find any lag for now.I believe thats same for all smart phones at this range.Guys dont go for this phone if you are camera savvy, its not the right deal. Although its usp is triple rear camera but its not just that good enough.Wide angle is superb but colour correction and AI control is no atall upto the mark. Note 7 pro, samsung j30 will be ranked way above these model.Front camera is ok and take decent photos.there is a pro mode in camera but not much manual option to p;lay with other that iso and exposure control.Video mode has literally no features.just point and shoot.Atleast expected slowmo and time lapse is 15k budget phone.Battery is good and fast 15w charger was in the package.
fingerprint place is moving which isnot fixed to the phone......battery is very bad...i received this phone with 50% battery... it took 90 minutes to charge 100% battery with fast charger.... battery is very bad..if u people are looking m30 for good battery... i suggest dont buy m30..
Best phone to get rid of those Chinese options. Phone is manufactured in India and comes with a trust of brand Samsung. With M series Samsung have overcome it's all time drawback of not giving powerful battery. Camera and sound quality is excellent. Face recognition is quick. Screen is superb, in any light and at any angle. Feel of phone is solid and doesn't give feel of plastic. Gradient back panel looks awesome.
I am very disappointed with this phone from Samsung M30. I am using it for more 7 days and here is why I am reviewing bad:- Phone heats up while playing PUBG;- Display is not good at all. Mi is no doubt way better.- Battery is 5000mah as they say but does not work like that. Even in week 1, it died very easily.  Another reason to give 1 is because Frapp, which asked us to buy this product didn’t pay my stipend earlier. They acted as Fraud company.
I'll head straight to my likes and dislikes.Likes:1. Massive Battery: The back up is really good. For a regular user, easily a day and half's juice.2. Fast Charging: Takes about 2 hours to fully charge the phone from 10%. Yes 2 hours is a lot but even the battery is large.3. Camera: Does a good job. I was on a fix after checking Redmi Note 7 Pro's camera samples, but trust me the shots are equally good, and the front camera does a better job than Redmi's.4. Customization: The UI has gestures, features and better options for accessibility than the previous generations of Samsung.5. No stutter/ lag: Using it for 3 days now, and faced no lag. Smooth experience when it comes to daily usage (can't say about gaming)6: Minimal Heating: Very less heating. Some people have complained about heating during calls. I haven't faced any.7. Call Clarity: The calls, the major purpose a phone serves are crystal clear, infact a better reception and a loud microphone (Note 7 Pro has issues with microphone, its not tooDislikes:1. Ads: Like MI, even this phone shows up ads randomly while using any app. Can be reduced, but can't be escaped from.2. Speaker Loudness: Satisfactory and decent but not very loud.3. Face recognition is fast, but not very fast. Also doesn't work at certain angles.4. Loss of detail in ultra wide camera5. No dark mode (black/ dark background for UI. I personally like it that way)6. Android Oreo in box, and no clue when Pie will be rolled out. Newer versions of Android tend to provide better functionality.
This is a good product, but I want to return it because this does not fulfill my important need. I have been using Galaxy series phones because of Samsung Knox, and after getting this product I discovered that this product does not support Knox, so I have no use for this.But I am surprised that they launch this new series and keep an important feature out? really disappointed.
I wanted a budget friendly phone and I was lucky to have found one. Firstly, I was happy that it is a Samsung product which one can rely on. Secondly, it was falling under my budget of 14,990. I can say that I am very thankful for Samsung, for launching such a great phone. This phone has everything that one can ask for , be it good camera, battery, display, processor, be it anything, Samsung M30 fulfills your demand. Personally for me , I am highly impressed with its Battery power, it has 5000mah battery which is amazing. Now a days it is very difficult to get such a great battery life in a phone. It has 4gb RAM , which is one of best feature of this phone as myself being a game addict , i always wished for a phone in which i can enjoy playing games smoothly without lacking and Samsung M30 has made it possible. It has 3 cameras at the Back and one front camera as well which is pretty amazing. It's Infinity U display steals everything, it gives a premium feeling while using the phone. Samsung M30 is the best phone one can ask for. The design of the phone is amazing and I might not switch to some another phone for atleast sometime now.
Doesn't seems to be 5000 mah battery drains very fast,frequent advertisement,mobile is very slow.screen is not protected by gorilla glass 5 or 6 for better screen life.Camera quality also not upto the mark comparing to note 7 pro.One good thing is AMOLED display which looks very premium in hand.
This Phone is getting over heating while calling or listening music and video if you watch movies .. do not buy this phone . I dont want to give any one start but there is validation atleast select one star. Worst worst Worst product
I think no one checked the product before delivering to customers.. i have purchased it on 26th march and it got delivered on 30th march. I opened it with great excitement and really disappointed as its mic is not working.. if we put our hard earned money to purchase this phone but if u get defect piece how you will feel... i thought of filing a  formal complaint in civil court
This is a gift for my wife but now i am thinking i did mistake I shd get it for me also what a awesome handset with long life battery and super clear screen much better then MI and vivo products.Me and friend both order it honeslty we has decided to give up s7 edge.This time samsung deserves applause for good work.One thing more to mention it has Always on Display.That is good move samsung
The new Samsung M30 has a whole lot of fabulous specifications . To start with , it provides a 6.4 inches of AMOLED display . It has a triple ultra wide camera which adds into its favour as no other phones offer something like this, makes you click amazing photographs which Im sure is a DSLR quality. Also an extra efficient battery of 5000 Mah plus the storing capacity of 128 GB which will help you play all your favourite games, watch high quality videos and you dont even run out of your gallery space. Overall it is the best suited option in the range of phones below 18,000 and you too can make a smart choice like me and get this phone!
Perfect phone in this range nd Samsung as a brand is always a plus....a great buy. Only issue is with the WiFi connectivity. Very poor connectivity.
I WAS NOT SATISFIED WITH SAMSUNG GALAXY M30 IT WAS A DEFECTIVE DEVICE AND AMAZON CAN'T FULL FIELD MY REPLACE A SAME PRDUCT AND I HAVE BUY IT WITH EMI AND AMAZON ONLY GIVE ME MY BASIC AMOUNT AND AXIS BANK CHARGES OF NO COST EMI IS DONE WITH A TENDER AND CHARGES OF IS BORN ON ME AND AMAZON NOT REPLACING MY DEFECTIVE M30 SAMSUNG PHONE AND RETURN BASIC AMOUNT REPLACE IN MY ACCOUNT BUT AXIS BANK BORN A EMI INTEREST AND DEBITED THE AMOUNT OF RS. 620 WAS CHARGES AS INTEREST ON EMI SO I WAS NOT SATISFIED WITH SAMSUNG GALAXY M30 AND AMAZON PRIME MEMBERSHIP BUT NOT SATISFIED WITH AMAZON PRIME MEMBERSHIP IN FUTURE I CAN SEE THE PRODUT AND AMAZON FULLY READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND THEN IF POSSIBLE TO REPLACE OTHERWISE CAN'T BUY COSTLY PRODUCTS FROM AMAZON DIRECTLY WITH AMAZON AND NOT SATISFIED WITH A PRIME MEMBERSHIP WITH AMAZON MEANING LESS TO BUY A PRIME MEMBERSHIP NOT SATISFIED FULFILLED PRODUCT BUY THE AMAZON SIDE.
 [ ] 8/10 -----design[ ] 8/10-------display[ ] 6/10--------software[ ] 7/10--------performance[ ] 9/10---------battery life[ ] 7/10--------camera[ ] 8/10--------value for moneyThe Galaxy M30 almost renders the Galaxy M20 redundant. For the extra 2000 bucks, you get an AMOLED screen, better selfies, better connectivity (dual-band Wi-Fi), and a better portrait mode for the rear camera.When compared to the new and emerging competition like Redmi Note 7 Pro, the Galaxy M30 has its advantages (AMOLED display, HD streaming, software, battery, fast charging) and let downs (performance, primary rear camera, plastic body), but it should still largely bank on the Samsung brand value to win the bout. The Note 7 Pro leads in several key aspects.If you are not much into high-end gaming, would value display quality over the camera performance, and are restricted by a budget, the Galaxy M30 won’t disappoint. You could also look into stretching your budget a bit for Galaxy A30 and Galaxy A50.*Pros*Excellent DisplayBattery backupSupports HD streamingDedicated card slotUSB Type-C port and fast charging*Cons*No notification lightNot for heavy gamingNo case cover in the boxplastic buildNote:-  no headphone, back cover, screen guard available in box only charger and sim ejector tool is their
Today i got samsung Glaxy m30 from amazon.After 8 hours use screen completely dead noting i can see in screen.I think that samsung as well as amazon making foolish to customer.You may know that COD is not applicable for this product.Totally wastage of time and money.Just a joke of smartphone.I don't know when i get replacement of this defective peace
Sound quality is bad & apps are very slow running.I did not expect this from Samsung. I'm very sorry after taking the Samsung M30 while i'm a regulary customer for Samsung's last 7 years.
Phone is great, battery is not upto the mark, camera quality is pretty good, but the wide angle lens disappointed me. Speakers are outstanding. It takes around 2 hours to fully charge. Phone works smoothly, Highend games miss that touch, If you're a hardcore gamer, I'll recommend  Samsung A50.
Very bad phone guys. i will not reccommend this phone to anyone. I buy this phone for playing pubg n other games but this phone gets so much lag while playing pubg. Very bad performance of the processor.I request to return the device but amazon didn't return this. They connect my device to their system online and ask me to play pubg. I was playing and phone was lagging so much but their system didn't detect the lagging problem. So they refused to replacr the phone. Then i sell 1 day old device to 13000. Very bad phone.If you want to buy this for gaming then don't waste your money on this worst processor phone.If you don't play games then you can buy this. But i will not recommend this to anyone.
Lots of dust in camera manufacturing defect also.. very poor product
The biggest mistake is to buy this phone, This model has a very bad hardware design in the display section. the display is not working and I replaced the item and the second phone which I bought is also not working after 20 days and Amazon says return period is over, now Samsung guys charge 6400 to change the display. (Dear Samsung try to respect the customers and their valuable money don't play trial and error game with us)I also enquired and found that many phones in Samsung M30 has this issue, this is clearly a trial and error piece from Samsung so that the future upcoming phone they can work on.Rest of the things like the camera and battery is fine since I am likely to be a tech guy the made a poor design in hardware and it is very unstable.Thanks for wasting my 18K, amazon should also think before the sell any products which can be purchase only on amazonNever  ever buy this phone
Pros:1.Good Camera quality2.Processor speed3.Battery lifeCons:1.Very Slippery2.No headphone with the packing
Waste of money as Samsung has degraded the camera quality inspite of triple camera the picture are artificial and not clear. Battery is fine. Processer is below average... would not recommend it to anyone.
My review after using it for couple of days.ProsExcellent displayFluid UIGood cameraGood battery backupConsNo Android pieAverage sound output from loudspeaker
I SUPPORT NOW AND ALWAYS SAMSUNG BUT THIS PHONE IS IN TROUBLEBECAUSE WHEN CALLING IN 4G NETWORK CALL ON 3G NETWORK AND STUCK ON NETWORK VERY POORIT'S  COMPANY SAMSUNG FAULT SPECIALY THIS PHONE MODLE I REQUEST TO SAMSUNGKINDLY RESOLVE THIS ISSUE IN THIS PHONE SAMSUNG M30 6GB 128GB.
Disappointing as hell..Its battery is like the same of some cheap budget smartphones ...Imean what should you accept for a whopping 5000 mAH cell...It should last a whole day but man it's bad af..It's the same as 3000 mAH.Also I don't understand why the internet's soooooo slowwww...???I meant there isn't a problem with the network myself..there must be something with the bandwidth capacity if there device ...Total dissatisfactional tech piece..Even while writing this review. The battery indicator turns 73% to 71%....
it has fantastic screen with great resolution and crystal clear viewing experience.
I bought this phone after a lot of consideration one obvious option was redmi note 7 pro.! But finally i made my choice and bought M30 6gb variant and after 3 days of uses i can say it is worth every penny you spend on this device.Pros:Display:You are not going to get this elegant display in this price range except M30Camera: rear camera quality is good but front camera is excellentBattery:It would last easily around 2 days if you are normal user. It get full charged in around 1hrs 40 minRam management is excellent. You will get around 108gb free out of 128. Built Quality is excellent and dosen't feel like plastic body. but you must buy a case because if you broke display it will be too expensive due to super Amoled displayCons:Android pie update is missing. I hope it will be available soon. Charging cable is too small.
Bought in the first sell. This time far better from Samsung. Superb display quality.Brilliant camera. Performance is good. Overall value for money product. I think Samsung is back like a BOSS !!
Camera quality very BedSounds quality very bedFingerprint quality very bedCharging time 2 hours very bedTouch legs not for smoothOnly Display quality Good
Samsung galaxy M30 is fully packed with all the necessity features which should be covered.The camera qualities are amazing .The phone is ultra light carrying such features.The battery life is amazing. Rear camera and display is going to be my next favorite for atleast next 2 years, talking about the the design it feels pretty amazing,display takes it to next level. The most amazing feature is face unlock i was not sure if the speed will be fast enough but believe me as soon you look at the screen it unlock within like half second and that's pretty impressive, if you're worried about storage well then don't worry because it has dedicated micro SD slot. Yes you heard it right it has a dedicated micro SD slot! So, y'all don't have to worry about storage anymore. The dolby atmos feature for Bluetooth devices and earphones impressed me allot. The phone overall is pretty amazing.I think ill not get better phone than this.
Amazon packaging disappoint mePhone performance is not too good.
This product doesn't work . I want a refund but they decline for it. I took  the phone to a registered Samsung service centre three times but this thing doesn't work . They refused a refund though the product is defective
Harmful heat will emit on phone top position, when I data is on to use application,, that time I will attend the call,, the heat is painful to my ear
Poor Camara quality, speed and por display.
device not starting.may be some hardware issues. once it starts and after initial setup automatically stop working.continuously vibrating in few seconds gap. not being on or shut down. also heating while charging.i thought i should work fine after charging it. but still stucked at same condition approx 4- to 5 hour.
Wouldn't recommend to buy. Think twice before buying this mobile.I am writing this review after using the mobile for more than 20 days. And I regret myself buying this mobile. I had great expectations on this mobile which came from Samsung. But in many aspects it failed to meet the expectations.I would go with a 3 star for this one.Cons:1.  The worst part of the mobile is the touch sensitivity. Touch sensitivity is very poor. Sometimes you need to touch the screen at least thrice or more operate the mobile. No one would really want to have such a kind of issue. Don't really understand why Samsung has manufactured such a bad touch sensor. Don't know how to get this issue fixed :(2. Samsung claims that this mobile comes with fast charging. Believe me, I haven't seen any such difference. I used 4 mobiles from Redmi series till now which didn't have fast charging facility and M30 takes the same time as Redmi to get charged completely.3. Despite of having 5,000 mah battery, the backup is not that great but manageable (Almost similar to Redmi series)4. When someone speaks using this mobile, you feel the vibration of voice from the back side (which in general will be observed in low priced speakers).5. Finger print sensor is not good. The sensor takes time to recognize the finger print. You might need to touch it twice some times.This mobile is not worth waiting and investing 15K. I am thinking to sell this off. Think twice before buying this mobile. Will try to update my observations after few more days.
Worst performance not worth to play games & multi tasking it stucks every second & starts ..
Plus Point: Samsung has done a fabulous job of keeping the 3.5 mm Head phone jack even though they have type c USB for data and chargingThe best thing about Samsung M30 smartphone is its massive battery back up of Li-Po 5000mAh (Non removable) which comes with 15w fast battery charging. So no more waiting to charge your phone and abstaining use of it when out.Moving towards screen. The all mordern looking infinity V cut display is just icing on the cake [Its Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen] with 6.4 inches and a resolution of 2340x1080 (394 PPI). The triple rear cameras (13MP with an f/1.9 + 5MP with an f/2.2 + 5MP with an f/2.2) with ultra wide and depth sensor having LED flash, panorama, HDR features comes in an affordable price tag.The front camera with 16 MP resolution with HDR feature is also great for taking snaps. The 6GB of RAM and 128GB of storage blue variant phone comes for 17,990 INR.The OS version of Samsung M30 is Android 8.1 (oreo). The sound quality of this phone in this price is best. The volume and the power button are on the right hand panel, and hybrid-SIM slot which has separate slots for two SIM cards (supporting Volte on both the sim) and a MicroSD card of up to 512GB. The smartphone comes with face unlock, fingerprint (rear mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass sensor. This phone full fills all the demands in such a low price.
4th month review.Great phone. With the lates update everything seems fantastic.Cons - front camera not good in low light.
The Samsung M30 is a really great budget phone under 15,000.Also having a super AMOLED display in this segment is like heaven on earth.The camera quality is good even after zooming, the pictures doesn't lose it's details.The selfie camera is too amazing and it's much better with the live focus feature.The gradient look at the back of the phone makes it look much more premium.The exynos 7 chipset works excellent even when using the 4GB RAM variantEg. The face unlock, fingerprint sensor is quite responsive, playing PUBG on HD graphics is also preferable. I love this phone
Pros: 5000 Mah battery is great. Display is awesome. Exquisite camera. Loved the UI. Nice sleek design and feels very light to hold.Cons: Wide pictures gets distorted at the ends.
Samsung M30 has super Amoled U Display, new fast processor 7904, huge battery life which can go for many days with a single charge plus 3X fast charging, provides a good facility of dual sim and dedicated card slot, The Samsung M30 is an amazing Mobile, build quality is soo good, phone is light weight which helps me carry it wherever I want. The most important feature which is the triple Camera at the back captures some increadible photos with the auto settings and the front camera makes me take selfies like a pro. I think I'm gonna be the new star on Instagram now, yiey!
Very nice and simple phone:Things I liked about the phone:1. Radiation level is very less.2. Super amoled screen. Videos played are best quality.3. Camera images are good.4. User Interface is good and simple.5. C type & fast charger.6. Build quality is good.7. 5000 mah battery.8. Always on screen.Things which I expect more from Samsung to provide:1. Android 9.0 instead of 8.12. Mobile case/cover3. Charger wire to be bit long.4. A good quality headphone in the box.5. Screen guard/protector.6. Digital Dolby atmos to be provided for inbuilt speakers & speaker volume to be raised.Overall very good mobile. Hats off to samsung
Samsung Galaxy m30 Mobile Phone doesn't have Proximity sensor but the company claims that same is there in it as I had replaced two handset and get checked by Amazon Service Expert and Samsung Service Center but Samsung Service Expert doesn't know about it and no solution has been provided from there end. It's been a manufacturing fault but same is not being resolved by them.
Samsung Galaxy M30 is easy to use the phone for your day to day lifestyle. You can easily shoot on the simple camera. You get ample storage space to keep your photos and videos.The camera has 13 megapixels on back to capture crisp and bright memories with your friends and family and 16 megapixels on the front to click incredible selfies. The expandable storage is a godsend. I'm sure the day I head to college with my phone, I'll be the star of the group and my friends will keep asking me to take photos. I wouldn't mind doing that because the battery life is excellent too! Top it off it has a fast charger and I think my life is sorted.
If watching movies/videos is your prime focus, look no further than this. Samsung's beautiful AMOLED. Throw in a 5000-mah battery and quick charge, and you can't go wrong with it. Of course, handles WhatsApp and other general, everyday tasks without a hitch as well. However, PUBG and other  heavy-game gamers would be advised to seek out other options. Decent camera for the price.
Display dead within 14days of use without even a Single fall or rough use
M30 is almost perfect phone except that Samsung didnt care about Camera in this model. If your first preference is Camera, please do not buy this and regret later. Quality of photos is very average. Many options like slow motion, time lapse also not available.Leaving camera aside, below are main highligts1. Screen Display is super and watching 4K videos is absolutely pleasure.2. Battery performance is good although it is not excellent.3. 128GB internal storage and expandable storage is ultimate optionIf Samsung takes care of camera in these mid range models no one buys S series..they know about it.
The Samsung M30 is an absolutely brilliant phone at its price point. The biggest positives are it's Super AMOLED display and 5000 mAH battery. The display looks gorgeous under all lighting conditions and the colors literally pop. The battery easily lasts 1.5 days even with heavy usage. The phone is quite light and feels nice to hold.  Samsung's Android skin is nicely done and quite responsive. The only negatives I can think of are the plastic back,  but I'm not complaining as the pricing of this phone is very competitive. The other is the bloatware apps that come preinstalled via Iron Source. It's been quite a while I've been so excited about a new phone. Overall a fantastic buy at this price point.
I liked the product immensely as it satisfies a hardcore traveler who has only the mobile for company and M30 perfectly fits the bill with top notch quality at an affordable price. I would simply say the three most important feature anyone should experience in a mobile should be 1.Battery-im a hardcore browser and stays for a long long time 2.Camera quality- absolutely stunning and worth the penny(low light & normal light photo attached) 3.SAR value and the most important one,the prime reason for buying Samsung mobile as it is something which affects the health because of high Radiation and Samsung mobiles comes with very low SAR value and thus low radiation level unlike other Chinese brands. I would recommend Samsung anyday for its quality.If somebody says inferior about the product then seriously they must try to change their attitude or the product.
Pros:5000 Mah BatteryAMOLED DisplayProcessing SpeedCons:1.Camera - Poor picture Quality2. Finger print censor not working for taking picture like other mobiles.3. Interrupt In wifi connection4. Speaker
Loving the device and Samsung. Will post a full review after more usage. A great  product by samsung. Good camera, huge battery, satisfactory multitasking, beautiful display.
The Phone is good, and value for money in term of Battery life, Screen Display, and also camera is good, the issue is the Touch is not upto the mark and there is lag time while you do a calling and also the touch is not respond at certain time , I have taken 6 GB Ram and 128 Internal  storage, still its not that great in touch.
Phone camera is force stopping more frequently every time I use camera. Why??Otherwise phone is good.
Used it for just 10 Days.... And the Screen just died... Thank you Samsung for the inferior Quality product specialy Made For India... Absolutely worst Product Quality..... I would not recommend this phone.... Anyway thank you Amazon for Initiating a refund....
Design is awesome...Feels premium in hand....Battery backup is outstanding.Camera is good not best but u cant get everything...Display is mind blowing, samoled is so pleasant.Usb c fast charging is big bonus, charges completely in less than 2 hours.Switched from redmi note 4 and really not regretting..Mid level Gaming is smooth....In 15000 it is value for your hard earned money.Processor is smooth, no lagging even with 15 apps in background....Overall excellent phone. After long time, I got satisfied with a low budget phone....
My cell phone not working properly heat fully can’t attend call customer care call fake response replace or return fully try
Worst phone I have ever purchased.Wrost processor.Worst gaming experience.You MUST go for REDMI NOTE 7 PRO .
Samsung has nailed this market segment with the inception of M series of smart phones, my latest pick which is the M30 brings segment best features like Super AMOLED display, Triple cameras, etc. The display is beyond words, this AMOLED display has great contrast, deep blacks, really saturated and popping colours which is the absolute best for consuming media like Netflix, YouTube, etc. And the display is pretty huge too at 6.4 inches but thanks to its minimal bezels and infinity-U notch, the overall footprint is quite handy! The M30 has a giant battery clocking at 5000 mAh which is more than plenty for day and a half's usage and yet the device is reasonably sleek and ergonomic.And this time around Samsung went with a gradient back which in person looks very appealing. The back of the device also houses THREE cameras! The ultra wide angle lens is again the segment first and is really really convenient. The cameras in general is great with pretty good dynamic range once the HDR is turned on and the selfie camera has a lot of details and again has pretty good dynamic range with great skin tones. Samsung M30 has pretty impressive performance and is exactly why it's plenty fun to play PUBG and other games with heavy graphics, and the device never runs out of steam because of it's 6 gigabytes of LPDDR4 RAM. To sum it up, the Samsung Galaxy M30 has the right ingredients for a perfect smart phone for us millennials i.e. exceptional display, humongous battery, splendid cameras and mighty performance for the price that I paid.
My new Samsung Galaxy M30 hands down feels great overall, but to be more specific I'll point out few great things first and then those points are explained in details.1. Great experience using AMOLED display.2. 2 sims with SD card slot.3. Triple Camera4. Faster fingerprint and face unlock5. Type C charging and 5000 mah battery with fast charging and light in weightNow let me explain these in details,1. With the AMOLED display looks so good and the while playing games and videos the feel is literally amazing2. The phone although having a great storage capacity offers you a sd card slot with 2 sim cards.3. I am really excited to use the new triple Camera setup in the Galaxy M30, with the triple camera. I can even can click great ultra wide shots for boosting up my smartphone photography skills.4. The fingerprint and face unlock are comparatively faster than some other phones in this price range.5. The Galaxy M30 houses a massive 5000mah battery that also supports 3X fast charging with type c charging, what more do you want at this price. Also with this big battery in the device it feels quite light weight.
Great smartphone under 15k, Value for money. No heat up issue, fast charge, great camera... Excellent product from Samsung at mid-range price.
Let's face it...1.Any phone gets obsolete after minimum 8 months.. And the average time of use may be at least a year and half... If agreed then it is highly suggested to go for the 6 GB 128 GB Storage variant to help your phone be of any relevance.2.its high time that amazon be serious about making available and suggesting the right and approved accessories as the wrong ones make the phone look cheap (example the quality of temper glass and the suggested case)3.The adaptive display(auto adjust of brightness according to the environment isn't that adaptive and has a mind of its own.4.This phone is definitely not a Ahhh...Wow phone and neither a Ohh...no phone.5.Definitely needs a software and technical updates to utilise the phone to its full potential.6.Camera is Really good for someone who isn't extremely serious about cameras. Requires a bit of updates too.7.Sound from speaker could be a teeny tiny notch better but not bad either.8.Amoled display is extremely good and I'm doubtful that I would downgrade to a lcd display.9.Phone has 60%Of useful apps inbuilt removing the need to depend on third party apps filled with ads(ex. Antiviral, clone apps, screen power buttons etc)10.Samsung itself doesn't recommend the dependability on face recognition that much while initiating and neither do I suggest it as an alrnative to good old password or pattern or fingerprint.Overall...this phone is good for moderate to frequent users and not for extreme dependent users. I'm happy with this purchase and nothing can change that.
Not happy with phone play store not working properly camera quality not good as we expect from Samsung
Performance is not upto the mark. Network connectivity is very poor. Camera and Battery works fine.
One of the worst mobile I have seen. I did a blunder buying this and Amazon didn't refund. Poor Camera(No color contrast, No Actual color of dress/other goods, very artificial colors), Poor Internet Connectivity, Poor touch response from Screen... Screen looks warn tone, Poor Sound quality from speaker, worst finger print scanner in back(made of Cheap plastic and loose).Please don't buy this... Go for Redmi Note 7 Pro or Honor Play at similar price or less.
The phone provides a very good chipset and 5000 MAH battery ♥️. The size of the screen and the colour production is so superb it feels so premium especially at the price that I got it. The camera is mind blowing in the triple camera performs a very good job which feels like professional photography but its all captured in my smartphone. The ram of the phone is perfect too which makes me play my favourite game - PUBG without any lag and beat all my friend's records. Never seen a mobile like this in this budget range of under 18,000. Good job Samsung!! :)
The phone is amazingAnd I loved the picture quality of the phone ... Even the body of the phone looks attractive and it has got quick finger print sensor. How can I forget about the face recognition. The design is so nice also it has very light weight. This phone is everything you ask for. The best about this phone is it's price. It has such low price yet so many features. It's more like investing less and getting more. You will for sure love this phone and of course you won't regret investing in this phone. It's a very smooth phone and the photos are the best.
3rd Class GPS.Very very poor network coverage.Except fingerprint sensor all other sensors are confused all time.Battery backup is ok.This phone is not to playing PubG. Because It can't be run with a smooth network.This review is based on both variants of M30 (4GB + 64GB) and (6GB +128 GB)Me and my friend order both variants,And we both are facing these problems, specially GPS and very low network coverage.When you are in low network area the phone shows Emergency calls only ; whenever at same location other phone with same network operator shows more than 50% network.And the internet access is also effect with network coverage, that's cause slow internet is irritating.😕And the sound quality with my senheizer earphones is not good as like other samsung phones.Guys please don't buy Samsung M series phones.BecauseSamsung reduce their quality too much for cost cutting.
I bought it for my dad, who travels a lot and forget to keep the mobile for charging every night. This mobile with 5000mah battery + Samsung super power saving mode ia give about 4-5 days of battery life ( if used only for calls )Only thing is that power cable is too short and very cheap quality.i will replace box cable with an amozon basic type C fast charging cableApart from cable quality, rest is acceptable
Internet issue , not up to the mark average speed same Samsung Galaxy series.Camera worst clarity there's no natural effects in camera.I fighted for refund with amazon, but they denied.I m totally disappointed, I am requesting you all please don't buy.Better go for oppo or mi.
This smartphone is is easy to use for my daily lifestyle. If you wanna buy a budget phone then this is just perfect. Galaxy M30 is one of the cheapest phones with a triple camera setup. The camera system includes a 13MP primary camera with f/1.9 aperture, a 5MP wide-angle camera and another 5MP camera for depth sensing. On the front, the Galaxy M30 gets a 16MP front-facing camera with f/2.0 aperture. The handset ships with Android 8.1 Oreo with Samsung's Experience UI 9.5 on top. The M30 supports dual Nano SIM cards with support for Dual 4G standby.The Galaxy M30 sports a large 6.4-inch Super AMOLED FHD+ (2340x1080) display. Samsung is using its Infinity-U panel for the Galaxy M30, which offers a U-shaped waterdrop notch on the top of the display to house the selfie camera. The Galaxy M30 comes with a plastic rear panel in gradient colours. It also sees a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor and vertical triple camera system.Much like the Galaxy M20, the Galaxy M30 also houses a large 5,000mAh battery to offer a two-day battery life. I love this phone Samsung M30
90% of the screen turned white and is flickering. This happened suddenly when the phone was charging (I wasn't using it, just turned the screen on to check the battery percentage when it happened)I hope I get a fix/replacement for it. Will update my review based on the resolution I get.Edit: I did get a replacement but the whole experience was not pleasant. All things considered 3 Stars.
A very good phone at this price range. The Super AMLED display looks really stunning.  I read so many reviews says camera is worst but i feel the camera is good. The selfi camera is really good one. I was confused to go for M30 or Note 7 pro and finally decided to go with M30. I think that was good move. The phone looks premium even though the back is plastic.Not sure about performance as i don't play games. The UI is good.Hope samsung will provide pie update with samsung one ui.No notification light but it has always on screen feature which looks great.There is no option for slow motion recording also no image stabilizetion. Battery is good. Speakers are nit loud but ok. Expecting pie update soon.
Samsung Galaxy M30. What a mid-range phone. For just Rs.15000/- we get a very great display. The super AMOLED display delivers just the most crisp details. Everything is really clear and it will be great in direct sunlight as well. Next best thing about the phone is the triple camera. The portrait mode does it's job on point. The edgings are perfect. The wide angle mode is the signature feature in this phone. The 5000 mAh battery lasts for almost two days on one full charge. Gaming has become more fun on this phone with the 1.8GHz octa-core Samsung Exynos 7904 processor giving a very smooth gaming experience. Moreover the phone is super light. All I can say is that, this is a really great phone at this price.
In the box, it is written that only indian sim will only work in this device. I have purchased it to use in nepal. No worth of buying
PROS.1.Excellent aesthetics.Great looks.2.Great screen quality.CONS.1.Poor chipset.Often lags.Not the best in the price segment.2.Camera not good.Simply OVERHYPED.!
VERY DISAPPOINTED,... NEW PHONE HAVING BACKSIDE  DEFECT NEAR FINGER PRINT SENSOR,IT BACK APPERAS LIKE SOMTHING PRESSD INTO IT AND THE FINGER PRINT SENSOR IS CROSS AND PUSHED UP INSIDEITS A FRAUD... NO MAINTAING QUALITY.,NO VALUE FOR OUR MONEY, NOBODY SHOULD BUY THIS IN AMAZON SALE.
It's just an average mobile, reading the reviews earlier I decided to buy this but after using it for 2 weeks I am not happy with its performance.Eventhough the battery size is 5000mah when you start using it it's just an average battery life. The fast charger doesn't work. It take more than 2 hrs to charge.Camera considering the price is again "ok".
This phone is pretty good. It comes with three cameras at back with 13 megapixel, 5 megapixel and 5 megapixel which makes me look professional and same goes with the front camera which makes me take amazing selfies. It's battery backup is really good, it has 5000mAH and supports proprietary fast charging, I need not worry attending all my classes and yet manage to play a couple of games on my phone. It's got face unlock so you can quickly unlock your phone using your face. Lots Of RAM means more applications can run at the same time, which makes the mobile faster. More storage allows you to store more songs, videos, photos and install more applications. Its one of the best picks for me.
The overall phone build is good. Some features that are good but not spoken about:-1. Battery optimisation similar to AI battery usage.2. Blue light filter present which reduces the strain on eyes.3. Battery life is simply amazing without compromising the performance. It fetches one full day even on heavy use.4. No unnesessary apps and most apps that are already present can be deleted. So, we get around 90% free internal storage.5. It has dragon trail pro glass.6. Very smooth performance.7. Display due to SAMOLED and speaker sound due to Dolby ATMOS is excellent.  Marketing of the phone is not DONE well and It has many more good featuresNow some drawbacks it has are:-1. At this price the processor is not great in specs. Though, does multitasking well.2. Call volume is low.3. The entire phone, the screen as well as the back is a finger print magnet.3. All Camera in outdoors and good light is good but not great low light photography.4. The back cover is prone to scratches quickly, so get a back cover.5. The glass also tends to get minute scratches but not easily seen.As I said has more pros than cons
This product is an over rated product.  To be honest , there are a lot of upgrades which have to be done from Samsung through the software . The phone itself is slow I mean it very slow in opening from the lock screen or even an app. Takes forever to see your face and recognize it, fingerprint reader is slow and not up to the mark. Display is good and battery is good. I use this phone for phone calls and minimum  apps as they will hang like all other Samsung do. Samsung needs to remove alot of unwanted apps and it's own galaxy apps and everything, slows down the phone alot.Anyways I would suggest don't buy if you want a laggy and very slow phone .I was so excited  to buy this phone and then it turned out to be a huge huge disappointment.  Sorry Samsung you need to really work on your processor  and apps .Please release the next software update to fix quiet alot of issues
You will lose your hard earned 15k in buying this Samsung Galaxy M30 better you buy Redmi Note 7pro within 10days phone LCD is gone and no one is replying me nor Amazon nor Samsung
 Phone display did not work. Bad product. I received the phone yesterday. At first display was flickering and after that display did not work at all. Even after power OFF and ON the same behavior is persistent.Before shipping any product please ensure that its working properly.
I've been using M30 for the last 5 days and it has not let me down. The top features which prompted me to buy this phone are the Super AMOLED display, huge 5000 mAH battery and not to forget the dedicated memory slot. The display is crisp and beautiful and the battery is lasting 1.5 days since I am not a gamer, but I do watch movies and read ebooks. Prior to this I was using a Redmi Note 5 for the past 6 months which is also a good device but the OS MIUI was a big headache with it's ads everywhere. I am not a tech guy to know how to turn them off. So I was waiting for a device from Samsung and M30 it was. I got a 6GB+128 GB variant and it's smooth without any lags. But I love this display. The cameras are also good and give crisp and bright photos. Another feature which really impressed me is the Dolby Atmos for sound. I really mean it when I say M30 has the best features for it's price. Thank you Samsung for giving the M series.The one thing I miss is the Android P update with Samsung One UI. Hopeful that Samsung gives these features very early with there update.
Today i will write a genuine review of this Samsung M30 after use of 1.5 month.1. Rear camera quality is clear in outdoor mode but reading face is very poor and indoor  plus night picture quality is very dull.2. Front camera is good but no slo motion video available.3. Battery life even after 5000 mah is just like making fool to us. Battery remains not even 24 hrs after heavy plus medium use. Totally fake 5000 mah battery.4. Type C Charger is awesome. Keep it safe as this is realy good and original charger.5. Touch screen and UIM is fine but little bit lagging in operating softwares.6. Still no Android Pie is available.7. No geomagnetic sensor given. False feature given.8. Today people buy mobile for better picture quality. Camera feautres are less.9. Screen having AmoLed is fine.10. Ultra wide angle camera is 5 mwga pixel works but click very blur photo.11. A mobile for 14990 is worst to buy as in less price than this mobile lots of option available.12. Samsung dont provide screen protection and back cover with mobile so very hard to find cover and temperate glass in market.13. Screen size 6.4 with notch display is fine.14. Mobile goes heat up after heavy use and even charger gone heat up after charging mobile.
The device which I am using is Samsung Galaxy M30 which comes with 6gb RAM and 128gb of storage.Samsung Galaxy M30 is powered by a 1.8GHz octa-core Samsung Exynos 7904 processor that features 2 cores clocked at 1.8GHz and 6 cores clocked at 1.6GHz. It has Mali G71 gpu.Coming to the display it has 6.40-inch infinity U superAMOLED FullHD+ touchscreen and an aspect ratio of 19.5 : 9.The screen has very good viewing angles and looks very punchy.It has that auto brightness option too.Moving on to the camera it has a rear triple camera setup which is a very nice thing.We have 13 MP main camera @ f1.9 + 5MP Wide Angle camera + 5 MP Depth sensing camera.Moving to to the front camera it's a 16MP shooter.It's having a huge 5000 mAh battery which is a good thing for heavy users. We can easily get 10-12. Hrs of screentime in this device.Moving on to the charger it has USB type-C port which is actually a good thing. The charger is a fast charger that is 9 Volts at 1.6 ampere.Coming on to the device it has a polycarbonate back with gradiant colour i.e. at the top it is more bluish and becomes black at the bottom. It actually gives it a premium look and also at the back we have finger unlock sensor.In addition it has a dual SIM slot(both 4G) plus a dedicated micro SD slot also which is a nice thing as well.Its memory is expandable up to 512 gb.The phone has Android oreo 8.1 and Samsung Experience 9.5 UI.It's a good phone with good built quality and I like all the features especially the tripple camera setup. It has that wide angle lens which gives a different perspective and it is a good feature to have on a smartphone. The pictures come out to be good with good colours.The camera does a very good job in low light conditions also.It's a value for money kind of a device!
It is warst smart phone. Phone hange many times and sometimes phone touch unresponsive(3 to 4 times in day). 2 good points are cameras and battery. I suggest don't buy this phone. I am using smart phone till 2011 and this one(Samsung M30) is warst phone ever. I suggest please don't buy this phone and search other options.
I am very sensitive person when it comes to what phone I will choose. So my review will be extremely honest. And "to the point".. All Samsung users will understand but users of Xiaomi, Oppo, Vivo may not understand. See down-1. Display: This is the main reason of me purchasing this phone over any other phone. I am a user of Samsung A9 Pro which came in 2016. It was a flagship category phone at that time. Infact I am writing this review on it. Okay, lets get to the points why I said this. Display has Amoled and I like only Amoled panels. But when I placed A9 Pro side by side I felt M30 is 5% less bright. It can be fixed with just one update. I just mentioned it. It is perfect but it requires just one more update where the company can fix it.2. Camera: The camera in A9 Pro is 16 MP and I believe Samsungs camera is the best and 16 MP is the highest it offers. Now M30 is 13MP. Forget that 3 cameras or what is there in the front. Most people in most cases only need the back camera. I am talking about that. I have taken a few shots like 20- 30 photos. And I got an idea. I can say camera is okay. But it cannot beat A9 Pro as of now. It requires just one update. By that I dont mean it is bad. I mean " little bot of clarity" is needed. Regular Samsung users will understand this point. One thing I dont like is this camera application does not allow quick launch from pressing lock key or volume key. Since A9 Pro had physical home button double pressing it launches the camera. Now it is gone. The company could given the option for double pressing volume button (down or up) or double pressing lock button just like Nokia 5.1 Plus. Or shake to launch just like Motorola phones.So these are the main highlights of the phone that this phone has over M20. I discussed them in some details. Obviously I did not say how much pixel which camera has etc because I am not writing this review for naive users.Let us now see some other aspects-1. I did not like the hand feel. Now a days the companys are making vertically long phones. This effects the way we use phones. Hands cant reach the top. And yes this display appears smaller than A9 Pro because of this only. This ruins the feel of carrying a nice phone. It effects the aesthetics.2. Other things are just okay. But I can say it cant still beat A9 Pro.Conclusion: I believe the phone can be improved a lot by updates. The issues that mentioned are mostly software based. Not hardware. And "it can be fixed by the company if it thinks so". After that it will be near flawless. I said near beacause this phone is plastic. Thats the reason!
Exciting launching offers where not availed along with Samsung M30. Looks like we need to do a separate purchase for I AM COVERED, I AM PROTECTED and 2 more that was mentioned in launching offers. Completely dissatisfied with this promotion, since no where it is mentioned that we need to do a separate purchase for the same, then there is no point in mentioning them as exciting offers. Very bad promotion.
Look ,display and battery are good.but proximety sensor is not working so I hv to ask for replacement.i can't expect this from.samsung..very bad experience
This phone doesn't meet my expectations even after paying 18k didn't get 10k phone featuresSuch as, mirroring or cast, this phone is lacking those features where MI gives under 10k-15k range of phonesAntenna: I have checked at different location this phone has data speed issue whereas i have checked the same network gives better speed than this such as, MI MAX 2Plus, Amazon service also not as flipkartAmazon clearly says no to replace phone when you are dissatisfied with phone performanceOverall, Samsung should accept defeat against MI and other brandsnow i know why, Samsung is losing market share to MI, Vivo, Oppo
Samsung has really created a masterpiece. I have been using it for the last 10 days. I have used other Samsung phones but this one is something different. Here, I am listing the pros and cons of this mobile phone.Pros -1- The battery is great. 5000 mah battery give you more than a full day backup on moderate use. The power saving mode of Samsung is worth going for. Use it wisely and I guess the juice will not run out for 2 or more days. I have tried that recently while I was traveling.2- Display is awesome. It feels.3- Design is also great. I have the blue one and it looks beautiful. The navigation settings let you make the navigation buttons disappear and you experience a better screen.4- The fast charging works really fast.5- Camera is great. Both front and back. Especially in low light conditions. Flash is awesome. Zoom is also great.6- No Hybrid slot is what I seek in the phones these days. Thus, you are not limited by the storage issue if you are using the dual sim.7- Dual 4g is good. Now, I can use my BSNL 3g and at the same time, my Jio works fine.8- Face recognition and fingerprint unlocking are very fast.9- Touch sensitivity is very much.10- I got 200GB space on One Drive for two years free with this device.Cons -1- The wide angle lens needs some improvement. The picture quality is just OK. But as this is a new experience, I would not say its a major con.2- The placement of earphone is downwards so when you want to use your phone earphone and charger plugged in, it becomes a little difficult to operate.For now, this is my experience, I'll keep updating.
I have bought  this phone  on flash sale after using  this phone  for about 8 days i am writing this  review so that you could  judge how it is worthy. I used many chinese phones and was fed up of hardware that they provide.Pros:1) Amazing Display2) call quality  is awesome3) sound is Amazing4) Hardware  is always dependable  i,e y brand matters5) Battery  lasts long,about 1 day using heavy like playing  PUBG,calling, internet  using and much more .And about 1.5 days using medium and 2_3 days using calling  only.6) Ram management  is upto the mark.7)Fast charger is really  fast.8) I am also a pubg lover and you can play pubg without  lag at default  settings.Cons:1) Worst rear camera 6/10 , may be it will get better after update,zooming  image one time tears down image quality  wholly .Front camera is not upto the mark 4/102) Processor is laggy but much better than previous  ones .However  it does the required  work well.3) Build quality  is unimaginably  weak.One can easily  get display  cracked if dropped on LCD side .Backside finish  is premium  but of polycarbonate which is not so strong  to absorb shock.4) Software needs to be  patched  so that UI  may beome smooth.5) Proximity  sensor works only first time when you cover it during call and then doesn't  wake display automatically next time which  may be a software  problem .May be after Pie update + One UI .I am still happy with this phone because i found  its pros more heavier  than cons.
Hi guys... Please won't buy this.. It's utter flop phone... I got this phone on 15th April.. It's stated giving trouble past from 3 days.. Finger print sensor not working properly and it's such a cheep quality it's making sound while I press it and the display was not working properly.. Its not upto to standard.. I am trying to return the phone, but customer care peoples are careless ones.. They never responded properly.. Now my phone in service center.. They told me they will service the phone and return.. No replacement for my phone... So I recommend to won't bye Samsung
I bought my device on 16 .after usage of 3 days it's working very smoothly and fastly.The performance  on PUBG and FREE FIRE with high graphics is superb.But after gaming more than 1hour the battery slightly get heated.while it's common on every phone in this budget.  Next came to camera .Triple rear it's just amazing.the depth sensor with ultra wide angle camera gives u a perfect shot.The selfie camera is super even in low light .but the low light shots on rear camera it's not about full clarity .  The phone get charged within 2 hours with c type charger.The huge 5000mah battery did not  get lesser than 25 %after heavy usage for a day.  I forgot about its display.its osm .because of AMOLED Screen .  The face lock works fast and also it recognizes  ur face in low light conditions.  Fingerprint sensor is also too fast..  The speakers also work smoothly and loudly.Finally if u want a better phone on all the segments simply go for it.
Okay i have both 4 gb and 6 gb varients...Now on 4gb we get everything smooth... Just the in game audio on speaker is slightly less... (mb due to in game call like pubg) however online games... Heavy games may give u a lag on 4 gb varient but 6 gb is flawless.. Pubg lovers can welcome this phone as there are zero lags and HD graphics supported.. So the full pc emulator view on your hands.Camera... Is awsome with low light imaging and image stablization... Wide angle... Potrait mode... Nevertheless a beautiful camera...I ll say go for it... It has a huge battery life and you can play games or use it over 10 hrs... Even if u use it savagly.I pirchased 6gb from samsung directly however i got 4gb on flash sale.. The delivery i had was next day and got deliverd in 24 hrs.
Not Good phone
It's laging, heating, performance not up to they Mark, ringtone volume is very very worst, no proper touch sensitivity, finger print not accurate, not having good feeling to use this mobile, also refund is not giving by Amazon. Don't buy this mobile phone go for redmi 7 pro.
i am very much disappointed by Samsung pls don't buy this phone i will tell u why not to buy this phonei ordered this phone twice in the sale of amazon and both the time there was a problem with the phoneon my first purchase, the display was not properly fixed to the phone and on second purchase the fingerprint was not proper the quality of the phone is worst then some Chinese phone out there in the marketbecause of the sale and limited stock samsung is not doing the quality check on the phonei will recommend you to go for iphone 6 which is 100 times better then this phone yes the display is good but i think u r not buying a phone only for display. think  before u waste your 15000
My purpose of buying this phone was powerful battery.i m very disappointed.battery draining too fast and their claim of 25hr+video is fake.very very disappointed
Overall the product is good, but the face recognisition doesn’t work well. The finger print recognition sensor has a lag aswell. The display is good and the battery life is decent in this price range. Dint try the gaming yet(will try to post d feedback after trying few good games). People who r upgrading from a smaller phone will have some difficulties in handling initially. The touch sensor is very good and you’ll get used to it within a couple of days. Video recording is decent, but the inbuilt speakers of the phone r not that great in terms of sound quality.Camera quality is good not the best.Overall its a decent device looking at the price range.The phone is fast(not as fast as shown in the promo)Let us see after a long term use.
I have purchased a Samsung M30. When unbox its found the charger isn't Fast chargers it's not a 15 v. output but its Normal 5 v. Why?
Mobile display colour clarity not good.compare to redmi &other brand.waste money for invest samoled.some software issue "Samsung home widget stoped" always showing in my mobile .definately Samsung work clear bug fixes .we expect 2 version android update (9pie& q update).
Low light ,early down charge 3000 mah battery may,not 5000 mah,low sound
Amazing phone.. amazing features.. true to what it promises.. it's been three days since I am using this phone.. light weight, long battery life, awesome pics!, esp the selfies r just wow.. best in the price range.  Amazing work by #samsung. Hats off!
Cons:Heating Issue, when you use phone for 20 minutes, it will become hot to handleLooks heavy, not slim, not handy in length and width.Sound quality is terrible, not at all good.Samsung ON Nxt is good compared to this in Sound quality.Pros:6 GB Ram, 128 GB MemoryCamera is GoodVery fast even after installing 60 Mobile applications.Overall, there is no option to return or I would have returned it.
Dont buy this phone it gets overheated. I kept this ph for charging at night  and in morning found screen cracked at bottom right corner. Asked for replacement  amazon says its physical damage  not a defect .Dont buy this phone
A person searching for good camera quality , enough ram and gb here's the search for them. M30 the perfect phone gives us the perfect infinity display without wasting any space on screen gives us a proper wide screen. The phones battery life is super good that on an average after regular use of mine in my old phone i use to charge thrice a day but after this phone , its even left with some good battery at the end of the day. The trio camera gives the perfectly wide angle picture in which your whole group looks super cute. The super fast phone it is. I found the perfect phone match what i wanted.
Good product considering its price.The design is great.It is great for people who are looking for a phone near 15k with AMOLED display.There processor is good and runs tasks smoothly.(comparing processors in the same price band).The screen is just beautiful ....... it changes the screen information .... Wallpapers everytime you lock and unlock the phone.The battery is massive ...... 5000 mAH....... runs almost two days.Excellent .5 stars .......
Please don't buy this. This mobile not working.  I asked Amazon tram for resolution.  They asking me to wait for 72 hours to resolve.  Very bad experience Amazon team
Excellent product. Go with this beast. If you are looking for a perfect smart buy then go with this M30🔥🔥🔥. Awesome selfie camera, the rear camera gives you a flagship level with the triple camera at this price range. The ultra wide feature is amazing. Then the 5000 mAh with fast charging battery gives massive performance. Then the Super AMOLED full HD display is terrible. Great product for this price with a great specs, suggesting all to buy this one if you are looking for best one🔥🔥🔥
The screen display died after 5 days. No software reset (vol down +power ) doesn’t reboot for display to get back. This phone rings and chimes but dead display. Phone is scratchless and spotless. We had barely transferred the data. These days for seniors this is the only line of communication for outside world with all critical help numbers from doctors to plumbing to electricians.I am seriously never going to buy the Samsung phone or other expensive item from amazon.After calling amazon they scheduled a no show technician and have delayed and refused to replace the phone thus far.This phone is for senior citizen with medical condition and amazon instead of helping quickly has been delaying the replacement for last 6 days.Worst phone. This was replacement for 4 year old iPhone 6s which never ever went bad.Worst amazon customer service for not assisting in quick replacement for senior citizen with medical condition.
I have been using this phone since last three weeks and has fallen in love with this piece of budget phone. I am not a gamer, so my basic needs are a lot of calls, few snapshots including scanning some documents with CamScanner, a bit of music and movies, WhatsApp, surfing net and, of course, long battery life. To my surprise, it meets all my needs.Here I have tried to sum up my review in the form of Pros and Cons.Pros:---------1. Stunning Super Amoled Display- I am pretty sure it will also be the first thing to attract everyone. It shows very deep colours which u won't see in normal lcd/tft displays.2. Its Big battery- True 5000 mah battery. It gives me two days power. It takes around 2h 20m to get fully charged, which I think really fast for such a big battery.3. Dedicated Card Slot which is rare nowadays (Believe me, I am one of those who will never buy a phone with Hybrid slot)4. Adaptive Fast charging and inclusion of fast charger in the box.5. Camera Configuration, especially the wide-angle camera. Shutter speed is also remarkably fast. It gives stunning pictures in daylight, though low light performance is bit down. But considering the price, I don’t have any grudge about it.6. Beautiful Colour with radiation effect.7. Beautiful u notch front camera whole with minimum bezels around the display.8. Call Clarity - both audio and video9. Speaker output is great. Listening to music and watching movies are great experience.10. Samsung Experience v9.5. It has most of the the features and gestures one needs in an android device. I love the OS very much, especially as compared to Xiomi and Honor phones.11. Always on display is an added beauty as well as advantage.12. Superfast and accurate Fingerprint Scanner and Face Unlock.Cons:---------None for me so far. Only I miss a Back Case in box which nowadays every company is providing, even Samsung is also providing cases in other phones.As I am not a gamer, I have nothing to say about the Processor. Please read some other reviews for this particular point of view. But I can say its RAM Management is great. It keeps all the apps and processes in memory until I manually kill one. This is I think a great point to notice while buying a smartphone.
I have bought Samsung M30 on lightning deal day.. I am so Happy that I bought this Mobile..  it is simple awesome... Great job Samsung... Very Good product with 6Gb Ram and 128Gb internal...Pros:Excellent photosFace unlock securityVery Good battery lifeAwesome touch responseStylish Design and Sexy looksSpectacular Call clarityCons:No HeadphonesVery slippery back surface... So carrycase is a MustOverall Worth Product.. I strongly recommend purchasing this mobile... 😀😄😀😁
The signal reception on the phone is very very poor and when rarely it does appear there is sharp crackling sounds during the call which makes impossible for calls. Initially my mom ignored the problem but now when I re-checked it, I realized it's an hardware issue and the return window of 10 days is closed already. Do not buy. Amazon's flash sale is only a fraud concept.
Device is really good for the amount of money. Samsung bought this phone as a competitor for Redmi Note 7. Although I don't know how this competition is fairing, the advantages I see are triple cam with Ultra-wide angle lens, large battery, buttery smooth UI. Many people are complaining that there is no Android 9.0 on it. Android 8 is on maximum devices, and OS upgrades take time. Here are some of the pros and cons I found :Pros :1) Ultra wide angle lens is really good for landscape shots, I like that 123 degrees view2) Selfie cam is really good, I can see it in video calling, images, etc.2) Huge battery, fast charger provided in the box.3) UI is smooth, easy to navigate, there are a lot of settings I have not digged into, as I am not getting that much time.4) Video calling with JIO works and it is shown in dialer directly.5) Date and time shown on lock screen, which doesn't consume lot of battery due to Amoled screen6) Video quality is really good, picture reproduction is awesome.7) Keyboard is smooth, looks a lot like IOS8) Infinity screen looks really good.Cons :1) Low light on rear cam is not that good.2) There is an app called LightStories, which is showing notifications even though I have turned it off.3) There is no vertical scrolling option when all apps are openedHope this helps!
So honestly, speaking when it comes to getting a mobile phone I do a lot of reseach but owning Samsung M30 makes me feel good! So me being me, photoholic M30 provides with amazing 13MP camera,supports Face Detection and high dynamic range(HDR) imaging as well. It is perfectly appropriate for people who considers battery backup above all. With such great features, the charging port at the bottom is reversible Type-C and the SIM tray has a dedicated card slot.Also, one can effortlessly look through photographs and send messages on the 6.38 inches .Okay now the best part its super long lasting battery life. Being always ready with 64 GB+ 4GB memory and having 3X charging capability is what makes it different from others. There’s no denying that the Samsung Galaxy M30 is super classy, affordable, easy to access and is a must buy. If you’re looking for a phone with big battery and good camera, Galaxy M30 is worth having. And not to forget its light weight and lastly, I am a happy customer of Samsung M30
Samsung does homework well on how to hunting shanghai birds.Still can't believe this stuff from Samsung under 15k unbelievable.Worth for your money. samsung start thinking seriously. gAMe ON. let's watch.downside: no bla.bla..,
Major Advantages-In 15k You wil get Amazing Phone..by Samsung Brand..Super Amoled Is just Awesome.4800-5000 Mah Battery Run along 2 Days..best BatteryBlue clolour look Rich.Display Viewing Angle is ok..Big Screen...Vivid..sharpLight weight..ThinDolby Atmos sound Best.Camera Avg...means in 15k range you wil not expect like S9 Camera. But Better in segment.Cons-Charging time is 1.30min.Samsung Experience UI...Not One UINo TPU Case By CompanyNo Headfones.Light sensor is slowFace unlock slowSignal strength is totally  low
This smartphone is easy to use for my daily lifestyle. The camera system includes a 13MP primary camera with f/1.9 aperture, a 5MP wide-angle camera and another 5MP camera for depth sensing. On the front, the Galaxy M30 gets a 16MP front-facing camera with f/2.0 aperture. The handset ships with Android 8.1 Oreo with Samsung's Experience UI 9.5 on top. The M30 supports dual Nano SIM cards with support for Dual 4G standby.The Galaxy M30 sports a large 6.4-inch Super AMOLED FHD+ (2340x1080) display. Samsung is using its Infinity-U panel for the Galaxy M30, which offers a U-shaped waterdrop notch on the top of the display to house the selfie camera. The Galaxy M30 comes with a plastic rear panel in gradient colours. It also sees a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor and vertical triple camera system.Much like the Galaxy M20, the Galaxy M30 also houses a large 5,000mAh battery to offer a two-day battery life. Samsung M30 is the best of all the phones.In love with this phone.
The Samsung Galaxy M30 is a very slim and neat looking phone. It is a very affordable phone for the numerous features it displays. The triple rear camera and ultra wide lens gives you a real image of the world around you! The live focus and blur control are great for photo shoots. Another amazing feature is the 5000mAh battery which can last you an entire day. Being a college student we're at college or internships during the day and we only get home late at night,so I know with this phone I don't have to worry about the phone dying on me. Another thing I don't have to worry about is space on my phone, although it is 128 gb it is expandable to 512gb. The security on the phone is amazing with the face scanning feature as it is very accurate. The phone comes with Dolby Atmos 360° surround sound which makes listening to music even more fun! All these features makes the Samsung Galaxy M30 a great phone to purchase!
Samsung Galaxy M30 is easy to use. It has a gorgeous AMOLED screen and looks really good from the front. The screen is vibrant and offers pretty satisfactory legibility indoors and outdoors. There's no denying that the Galaxy M30 is super comfortable to wield, which is really saying something since the phone houses a massive 5000mAh battery.On moderate to heavy usage, Galaxy M30 can easily last more than a day. Our use case included lots of browsing, music and video streaming, and gaming.The camera has 13 megapixels on back to capture crisp and bright memories with your friends and family and 16 megapixels on the front to click incredible selfies. The smartphone comes with a feature of easy mode that helps you to get right what you want with a simple interface. On a whole, the Samsung Galaxy M30 is great.
Brought it mainly for the battery. Consider the A50, a better phone in all possible ways.Postitives :Great disaply, rich in color.Awesome battery, lasts 2 days in heavy usage.Good audio quality for music via headphones.Good front camera.Good bokeh camera lens.Negatives:Absolute rubbish camera, doesnt even have the quality of an old 5mp camera. Wide angle has almost no details in images. Main camera images have no detail and poor color reproduction.No slow motion video support.Poor cell reception, and 4G reception.Wifi connection drops frequently and at times refuses to connect.Lots of Samsung bloatware in os.Display is fragile, not a gorilla glass dispaly.No news of OS updates yet.
I ordered mobile by view of advertisingnot review. 🙄🤔😐😲 I Recieved Defective mobile works like as 2G old android phone internet performance. 😡😡😡😡:: Major Problems ::1. Connectivity problems setup mobile2. Very slow internet speed and loading pages. And don't show data speed.3. And no any content downloading from Google play service.4. Face recognition is not work many times.5. Sound is cracked in increasing volume.6. Touch screen responses automatically without touching it.7. Hanging problems in 5 times at a day.And no responses to returns mobile from Amazon service directly there are only replacement if their technical team check it show issues. 😡😡😡😡😡** time to time both Samsung and Amazon companies decease own value of customers service. 👎👎👎👎👎
Camera is bad, too much lengthy phone, 6.4 inch screen is too high,,, no need of this much big display. Amoled display is soo sooper. Loving it. Dolby atmos with my one plus bullets wireless earphones is excellent. Battery will last one day in very high usage.... Even 2 days in low usage. Fast charging takes almost 2hrs 15 minutes to full charge 5000mah battery from 5 percent. UI is better for me. Not that much glamorous in looks. I hope not to find any lag issues with exynos processor. I am not a gamer. But i am high user of internet, social media, and lots of other things.... Found no specific problems in it. It will take some time to learn all settings in it. I am loving it besides of its size. (bottom bessels are somewhat larger)
1) Battery charging issue- full charge time 3.30 hours.2) Brightness issue - taking too much time for brightness adjustment3) Hanging issue - phone is hanging4) Battery draining is too fast.5) Speaker is not good.... Very low sound.Over all my view.. DON'T PURCHASE THIS PHONE.
As it mentioned in the features, it is.There are many camera features missing especially slow motion n timelapse which mostly I prefer they must've enabled.I was looking for my day to day office productivity n entertainment device which it is.Finally it's completely a entertainment specific device mean Super amoled display with Dolby atmos and supports Amazon prime n Netflix HD content and my favourite hotstar for watching cricket matches.I'm completely new to Samsung devices n I'm satisfied with the performance I've expected.
Writing after one month use. The product is good for everyday use... easy to hold not like other vivo oppo mobiles which has problem of holding due to big size... screen  battery and wide angle camera is top notch. Samsung need to work on camera software. Picture taken is good compared to note pro most of the time due to great dynamic rage, but potrate mode and absence of eos video qualities are not that good. So Samsung hope you will improve image stabilization... If yoh afe thinking you need a good mobile with great battery and for normal photography and watches YouTube's video or movie this is the one for you.... please like if you are impressed by the photos taken by me from m30...
sansung is back with cheap plastic products again. the phone looks like a toy. other than a good battery life, the phone sucks.
Battery life is good with 5000mah and 3times fast charging,happy with thatPicture quality is good.Display with notch looks fantastic.Finger print is better than face unlock.Finger print should have placed little down.. its difficult to touch..For heavy games it's not sutiable.The only think I have disappointed is there is no notification led..Overall phone is good..It could  be better if they provide earphones and pouche..
I have many complaints1) It's (m30)marketed as exynos 7904 processor but , I got a unit with exynos 7885 processor . This is main cheating .2)There is no light sensor , (I know front camera act as light sensor) but it's speed is pathetic I have adjust brightness every time . Shame for device of 15000 Rs cost .3)Even after taking calls screen will not lit up automatically I have to manually do it(because of lack of light sensor and poor quality of proximity sensor ).4) Speaker volume is not good (compare to old Samsung feature phones) and sound cracks more often . Head phone volume is low and it's not having good quality like old Samsung phones .5)Ultra wide angle camera quality is waste it's 5mp wide angle so no details in pictures at all .6) No native support for using amoled screen as led notification light . Have to use NoLED third party app.7) 13MP main camera fully waste . Pictures taken have short range clarity but doesn't have details of distance objects (remember my old Motorola g4 get more detailed distance shots). I think camera module is not up to the mark (cost cutting ???)8) status bar fonts are very small and no option to add extra icons like internet speed etc , there is no option in setting to increase status bar font .9) data toggle buttons ( between to two Sims ) is not available in notification bar.10) Samsung Galaxy apps always runs in background and collecting your information ,  no option for galaxy apps to stop in background and apply battery optimization. Often "install galaxy apps " ad pops up very annoying .11) Even phone colour theme cannot be changed unless you  buy Samsung Galaxy themes12) Exynos processor means to no custom ROM development.13)Fragile screen with no screen protection (dragon tail is there but no good).14) fast charger is total waste , you can't get much charge in short time so no 5 min charge and talk 2 hours like feature .15)  No otg support for laptop hard disc with external case ( even some old phones support other for hard disc).16)No correct size external cases and tempered glass support .
Worth 15K this is just another average phone.With a slight lag in the user interface, it does sport a good screen whereas the performance remains on the slower side.I'll rate it 3 out of 5
Average phone... you're better off with an Asus or a moto.. the UI is very inconvenient.. takes a lot of getting used to.. even then using the phone is an annoyance rather than second nature.The screen is super bright so that's a plus . And the battery backup is very very good... if it was a more sturdy build would have served a better purpose as a work phone coz you don't have to ask anyone for a damn charger.That stupid pin with which you take the sim slot out should be banned for all phones. Could have had some other mechanism or at least give me a place to keep it..The colour reproduction is okay... seems a bit washed out.Random bugs and lags especially during basic functions like calls... very very annoying.Finally the biggest drawback... the touch accuracy is down the drain... I have to touch min 5 times to pause a damn video... it's a nightmare if I want to skip ahead.So if you need a phone maybe just to call and basic WhatsApp then this is the guy .. doesn't look too shabby... performs alright.. battery is awesomeness.But if you want a little more out of your phone.. just go to the other 5000 mah battery ones.Only reason I got this phone was for the fast charging 5000 mah battery which I wasn't  getting anywhere else.
Excellent Product by SamsangVibrant Colour productionDecent battery..
 I am using this phone since last few days and I already shared review on Samsung M30 in my YouTube Channel "Arvin Toys Review" and now I am hereby sharing my review as under:Pros:1)Regarding Nozzle Display : It's best in the market. Easily beating MI Phone2)Touch Screen : very smooth and fast response3)Camera : Best quality one with new features of wide angle photos. Very good quality.4)Battery : it's having 5000mah battery but not so impressive. It's last only one day. It's performance is almost same with 4000mah battery of Redmi phone.5)External Memory : Unlike Redmi, it has dedicated SD card slot which removed our worries about running out of storage. Another thumbs up.5) Network Strength : it's quite disappointing. At same place with same service provider SIM, Redmi phones has more signal strength than M30.6) No stutter/ lag: Smooth experience when it comes to daily usage.7) Minimal Heating: Very less heating. Some people have complained about heating during calls. I haven't faced any.8) Call Clarity: It’s perfectCons:1) No charging indication light2) Notification Lights is not available3) Head Phone is not included with the Box4) Fast charging is not happening. Takes about 2 hours to fully charge the phone from 10%. Yes 2 hours is a lot but even the battery is large.5) Pre-loaded security app not available.6) Limited pre-loaded ring tones typesOverall I am quite satisfied and will recommend my friends can have a try with this one.
The Samsung galaxy M30 is an outstanding phone. The camera being the highlight for many people but it really is a fantastic all-rounder with a top-quality screen with infinity V display , super-fast charging, and excellent battery life of 5000 mah to offer two days battery life.The phone is wonders to be honest it is the best affordable Samsung phone . Storage is 128gb which is amazing.The camera system includes a 13MP primary camera with f/1.9 aperture, a 5MP wide-angle camera and another 5MP camera for depth sensing. On the front, the Galaxy M30 gets a 16MP front-facing camera with f/2.0 aperture.has an amazing battery life the phone is light weighted.It has finger print sensors and also face detection as biometric lock systems .Looks: Marvelous, eye catching.Screen Size: Best in class.Display: Very appealing.Multi-Tasking: Amazing.Performance: very smooth.Rear Camera: I am loving its output.Battery: Very Fast charging, Long back up- with average usage easily covers almost two days.Sound Quality: has Dolby atmos with amazing sound effectsThe ram is 6Gb which enables the user to play high definition games like pubg without any glitchTo sum up the Samsung Galaxy m30 is definitely designed for the millennium generation with all the millennial features which are best in class. I would recommend this phone :)
"The Galaxy M30 is a great phone for me! Love the gradient design on its rear panel!When the Samsung M30 phone launched on Amazon ,the sale went crazy, everybody wanted to buy this phone because it gives you so many features aat just 17,990. The phone has a really magnificent look with a 6.4 inch screen .The right edge hosts the power and volume buttons, which provide nice feedback. The left edge of the Samsung Galaxy M30 houses the SIM tray (Nano + Nano) with a microSD card slot, while the bottom edge features the speaker, USB Type-C port, and 3.5mm headphone jack.The smartphone is powered by 1.8 GHz Octa core Exynos 7904 Processor. A 6GB of RAM & Mali-G71 MP2 graphics processor which ensures the phone to run smoothly without any lag ,so high end gaming users this is a surely good. When you talk about the battery it has a fantastic 5000mah battery life and to accompany this it supports fast charging so within no time your battery is powered up which then gives it a healthy backup for hours. In terms of the camera it packs a triple rear camera set-up with a 13-megapixel primary sensor, a 5-megapixel depth sensor, and a 5-megapixel wide angle camera when you talk about the front camera it has a 16 megapixel camera which can handle selfies easily.Last but not the least on the software side, the Galaxy M30 has Android 8.1 Oreo.It is a perfect phone for me!"
I recently started using Samsung Galaxy M30 and I’m absolutely in love with that ! The gorgeous AMOLED display is what really makes the Galaxy M30 tick. The battery power on the Samsung Galaxy M30 is totally outstanding!! And how can I forget my most favourite thing which is camera , I just can’t stop clicking pictures from the auto focus mode! Also specially love the fact that their are two SIM card slots plus as memory card slot ! After a lot of bad experience from other brands this has absolutely become my favourite!! You guys are going to love this phone and would not want to switch thereafter.
Worst phone i have ever used .. after the use of 3 days touch screen not worked n suddenly white screen appeared .. don't buy this phone .. don't waste your money .. they won't return your product ..
Really excited to use the New Samsung M30 Phone as it is equipped with so many features. It has 3 cameras with a wide angle lens that will help me capture wide shots all in one frame. Really excited for the infinity screen now Samsung does too. Another great feature, would be the Android version that is Oreo & also the long life battery which is essential for daily use & work. The phone also has 6gb ram and finger print touch, Now that's impressive and the best part is that the phone is Pocket friendly considering all the features that are being provided. Overall the phone is great and I will definitely recommend it to others.Guys y'all really need to buy this phone and see how it does wonders.
The phone comes with 128gb that gives decent storage. The stunning display is full screen and so detailed and precise. The triple camera concept is marvelous with amazing clarity beating the top camera phones or professional cameras in the market and same goes for the front camera as the selfies come out clean and makes everyone look so good. The battery life is the best thing as it comes along with 5000 mAh that makes it run through out the day and is beneficial during vacations as I plan to go on trips with my family and play PUBG throughout the day. All in all Im in love with my phone and if you're planning to buy a phone under 18,000 then this is definetly the best pick
This is very good budjet smartphone which comes with high end specifications. and design of this product is very cool . i like it
After using 15 days with JIO network...Here find my review.Overall phone profermnac is good.Call quality and network quality is good.Battery is very good can last whole day with heavy internet use.Rear camera is very good in day light with good sharp image, struggle in low light.Front cam is OK  OK...But video is superb.You will definitly love Super Amoloed screen when u see ur lock screen or wallpaper.No heating issue while playing Game like Clash Royal n other online games...Get little warm while charging.Fast charging option is also good option in this phone.Finger print and face unlock option is little slow takes 2-3 sec to open.Waiting for Android Pie.
I'm writing this after more than 1 week of use .. this is the best one for this price..ProsBattery..  defenitly the 1st on the listCamera.. i had doubts about the portrait mode initially... but took some outdoor photos and turned out to be amazing. Portriat on low lights may not be as good..  but phone cameras are not quite meant for night shots.Screen ..  best in market.. AmoledHave not faced any lag even after opening 10 to 12 apps together ..Consi was using galaxy note 3 previously .. so the audio from speaker is not as good.  its the same loud and all ...but not as good.. but headphones output is just amazing compared to note 3I dont play pubg or any other high graphics game to comment about gaming performance.
The handset which I recently picked is the Samsung M30 6+128, Gradient Blue is really awesome. It's a bunch of good features in a pocket friendly handset especially since I'm a student and I wanted to buy a phone with my pocket money. The feel is quite sturdy and it looks premium. The color is really good looking. The screen is really smooth and dose not put strain on eyes. Gaming is a quite good experience on this handset as I plan to play PUBG throughout the day and I'm sure it wont lag due to the 6gb ram. Allover I loved it. I'm so happy to make the smart choice and pick the best phone.
I booked M30 flash sale yesterday (12thmarch).. Amazon delivered it today morning..First experience.. Amazing phone, nice display, smooth touch.. Tried clicking few pics in low light,pic quality is good even in low light..As of now I ll recommend this phone &must buy .  better than any Chinese set  Available in the market..
Well that's a great entry by samsung in mid range mobile segment. This galaxy m30 is exceptionally good in terms of Camera, Speed and especially Screen quality & battery backup. Photos are crispy clear in daylight but, you should  not expect that same magic in night mode, talking about Speed it has an Exynos 7904 processor which is equal to Snapdragon's 660 to the some extent. The phone runs very fast, you can switch to apps very fast. The battery life is very long, one full charge can be use for 48 hours with moderate use. The Turbo Charger charges the phone Very Fast as compare to normal charger. The super Amoled screen does its magic  very well on your eyes as you would feel like using a premium  segment moblie. The new One UI Rom specialized for Samsung user is Simple, Interactive and Perfect to use with android's Pie. On a whole, THIS IS A GAME CHAGER FROM THE SAMSUNG IN MID RANGE SEGMENT.
Guys this phone trust me you will not regret...You will forget everything  after looking at the Super amoled Display ...processor is also fast..as of now am really happy...camera is not that much good as compared to xiaomi or oppo or vivo but  is ok and face recognition is slow and if you wear cap or spectacles  then sometimes  it doesn't  recognize your face...fingerprint sensor is fast...Battery is Big 5000mAh hard to drain...I have played few games including  asphalt 8 and I dont find any lagging...till now am really
Very bad quality of productRequest to every one please never buy this productTouch is not working properly,hang issues, network search issue.....Bad Samsung products I ever buy
THE SUPER AMOLED DISPAY IS AMAGING... NO DOUBT ABOUT IT...THE 5000 MAH BATTERY IS UP TO THE MARK.....AFTER USING A MONTH ITS CLEAR THAT DEVICE IS VERY SMOOTH... EXYNOS  PROCESSOR IS AWASOME...THE TRIPAL REAR CAMERA COMES WITH WIDE ANGEL PERFORM GREAT SHOTS WITH FULL WIDE ANGLE... & 16MP FRONT SELFIE SHOOTER PRODUCE BEST IN QUALITY IMAGES....THE ONLY THING WHICH I M WATING FOR IS ITS UPDATE TO SAMSUNG ONE UI....HOPE WE WILL GET SOON IN THIS DEVICE...
Very fast and timely delivery.... I ordered it on Tuesday and it reached me on Wednesday.... All the features are very good....overall its one of the best phones under 15000.... I would suggest anyone and everyone to go for it....its very fast...and camera is too good.... I would give 6 stars out of 5 stars 😂😂😂
Samsung has made good product this time. Definitely value for money I can say. Camera is average. My 4 GB version is fluid and no lag recorded. Speaker sound is somewhat clarity and loudness lacks. In headphone music dolby atmos doesn't adds any wow effect. Very flat sound in headphone not boomy. Superb display with decent viewing angle. Super light weight compared to battery capacity. Battery lasts 30% at after 24 hrs of heavy usage. Fast charger does what it said. Overall very good product as per price for everyday life. Games not tested but definitely very smooth interference without lag.
This product is not satisfied for me. Because just 20 days I faced lot of problems. Customer care also very worst. My charging port has been problem service center has not claim for warranty. I paid service to changed that port. Now same problem like that. Not charging on my mobile on sometime like 10% charging after automatically disconnecting. After 3 hrs charging again 10 % automatically disconnect service center side not care for me. So don't buy it......🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️
Samsung M30 is a good phone, but don't buy 6/128 variant, its not worth it.Cons-PUBG lovers, don't buy this phone, u regret it, its not working even in balance graphics & over heated.Pro- Amazing screen & battery.
Where to begin. It's been a month using this smartphone . Believe me guys I generally doesn't use to recommend any Samsung smartphone of this range . Bt this product just made me change my opinion for the Samsung smartphonesPros:Battery is remarkable it easily give u backup for one complete day with heavy usage . I usually get 30-40% battery at the end of the dayDolby atmos gives total different experience for audio output if using bluetooth speakers or any headsets  I use boat earpiece. For better music experience use Poweramp music playerDisplay what to say about it. Super amoled at this price range is cherry on the top. Viewing experience is top notch .Camera micro shots are superb amazing selfie cam does it job in the best way it can at this price rangeTripple slot 2 sims+1 dedicated SD card slot gives u opportunity to use both sims and expand your storage simultaneouslyFEATURE LIKE APPS MOVING TO SD CARD IS BACK! I mean finally this feature Is back which helps u to free your internal storage more conveniently and effectivelyThemes interface n icons lockscreen everything is so perfectly designed and user friendly n that too most of them are free. Not many bloatware apps and ads.Cons:Back cam struggles a bit can  n improved in further updates  but a simple advice try to use Retrica app it gives the best result with both front and back cam .u will definitely gonna surprise with the results  with the pics taken from the app even low light experience gets far better once used retrica app .Audio output as in with speakers could have been better .Processor is also an aspect where it lags a bit . But If u r not a much into high end games with great graphics u can go for it . Day to day multi tasking can easily be handled with the processor smoothlyFinal conclusion : if battery brand and viewing experience is your priority go for it . Not for heavy end gamers tho camera experience can b improved by using the app mentioned above.Thank you!
Excellent sAMOLED FULL HD+ display (side by side comparasion with s9+ which hv quad HD+)Sound quality is good but not too loud and dolby atmos is nice but only available on headphone not on phone speaker,Camara is good @ this price point but redmi note 7 pro done great job here,Ram management was excellent,but little slow/lag  due to exynos 7904 processor,but acceptableFinally BATTERY,no other phones(asus M1,M2,RN7 PRO,Moto one power,oppo,vivo,realme series)can't beat this beast on this category even samsung A series and other M series(due to LCD) also,because of sAMOLED meets 5000 mah battery here.surely you will get maximum of SOT than anyothers.(one of the main reason to buy this).,15W Fast charger is bundled(not like RN7PRO),even flagship s9+/s10+/note series also hav same chargerCONSSAMSUNG  R &  D only concentrate on hardware,not on software,so don't expect the recent/current software updates on thier phones even on flagships also.,you could wait for several months to got the updates.P.S: This all are my personal opinion...
Don't buy this product waste money processor  is bad working an very slow an Samsung all app missing this phone secure folder, Samsung pass,Samsung pay is missing this diva's
First of all I must congratulate Samsung for a great product with value for money .. 👍. Touch is very good, looks are awesome, sleek looks, camera is great for selfie and normal clicks .. processor is good.. its bluetooth is visible to all no option to not be visible,one thing which disappoint me is ear phone sound is bit low and u can feel that speaker is vibrating .. not faced the heating of phone yet .. it comes with no accessories.. over all it's a good phone to hold in your hand .
 Just after two weeks into purchase, phone Hangs up suddenly and switches off. Its not even switching on. Very bad product. Samsung released the product in haste without proper testing. I can't even return it as my return window is closed.
I have been using this product for over a month now and for me the highlight of the phone is the battery and the display.The display which is a sAMOLED display is simply amazing, I loved every second of every video I watched on it.The battery is humongous,  I use this phone all day for shooting my YouTube videos, movies, internet, hotspot and easily I get about 10 hrs of screen on time.If, however you game heavily or even moderately you might get around 7 to 8hrs of screen time as I dont game much on the device. However, I did try pubg on this phone, the phone ran smoothly on lower graphics, but when I played with higher settings the phone did show some frame drops.The phone does not use a Snapdragon processor like the rest of the devices in the price range but over all the ram management and the processing of the phone is good so far.The next feature I very much love is the fast charging of the phone,  as I already said the battery of the phone is huge and coupled with fast charging the combo is a must have, plugging in my phone for 15 minutes easily gives me  screen time of about 2.5 hrs which is amazing.The only thing I DON'T LIKE about the phone is the camera.Talking about the back camera, the primary camera is a 13 Mp coupled with a ultra wide lenses.The primary came show the pictures a bit washed out, which could have been easily gotten rid of by a simple software, but even in the latest PIE update the phone recieved, the issue still remains.The ultra wide camera in a phone is amazing featureto have,  but a 5MP module of the phone just doesn't cut it.The front camera is a 16 MP camera and j use it for YouTube video shooting, but the footage has a noticeable digital noise.VERDICT: Given the camera and the processor is somewhat a weak point of the phone, it's still a value buy if, your top most priority is a good display and an amazing battery backup. Not only that the phone has a solid build and a good speakers if not amazing.
Unable to play games smoothly.
1. Built and color looks premium. Appealing to the eye.2. Camera is decent. It captures good pics. Do not expect something great. It's average.3. Battery is excellent and provides more than enough back up. The fast charger actually charges the phone very soon and its great.4. Screen is the best thing about this phone  Super AMOLED nothing is better than it at this point.5. 6gbs of ram makes it fast6. Processor is definitely better7. Ample storage8. Finger print sensor is faster than other fones in M series9. Samsung Brand value10. Overall Excellent!
The phone is heating even on small thinks like calling or browsing.Amazon Team did a test the found temperature 40+ °C on but they said below 45 °C is acceptable.I will not recommend it.I ordered on 2nd Apr, received it on 4th Apr. I request for return on 11 Apr, they dined for return or replacement.But they will send technician on 15 Apr to check it then he will decide, that is the last hope to return.
After 1 month of usage1) Camera quality is very bad and Low light pictures are tomuch pixelated and blur2) Sensors are not working properly. After taking calls screen will not lit up automatically, we have to manually press the button to screen on (This is very very bad samsung)3) very lagy.4) Touch sensitivity is not good and Some times we need touch 2 to 3 times.5) This mobile is not worth for 15K. I have purchased by seeing the Samsung brand name but this phone is not worth.5) Please think twice before purchasing.6) Speaker volume is very very low. In side the house itself you can’t hear the music.What is the use of purchasing this mobile for 15K. Basic phone functionalities are missing. Don’t go for this mobile. Go for Realme 3 pro or Redmi note pro 7.  Dear Samsung hope you will read the comments. Please don’t cheat the customers with wrong promises.
M30- Jack of all trade, master of none.In a good sense..Coz you dont need a cell phone which has only a good camera, or a battery, or fingerprint sensor.Screen is way too awesome. Supports 2k videos playback. (I know i know u dont care, coz 1080 looks way too sharp) but still.Speakers are loud enough to listen to (dont sell your music system coz this is just a phone) blues and jazz with pin point music amplification.Camera is fine, it will not fetch you oscar but for insta and snapchat its way more than enough.Slo-mo are super sick to watch and shoot.Performance is like a retired racing horse.(Atleast retired ones are trained than a wild one)Conclusion:- its not a worst phone. It acts like a cell phone. And priced like a cell phone. In other words you will use each of its feature in a day to day basis.(Not like other which has tones of feature but no place to use  eg:- gesture control, animoji,tounge and wink detection,3D pressure touch (you got the point, didnt you??)
After the launch of the most awaited phone M30 128gb+6gb i am really overwhelmed seeing the extraordinary features of this phone at such a minimal price, also in such advance generation of technology people would be willing to buy this phone its a perfect package of perfect phone quality, also the features i am so happy with the selfie camera its the best i can say also the battery life gives one edge over other phones also the phone itself look so attractive i am so happy that i have got myself such a phone , also weight so the phone its too light weight and easy to handle , also at this cost M30 is serving you the most advanced technology at this price is face unlock the feature is served by Samsung M30 , also i am loving the way M series is giving all the surreal cell phones at such price also this phone allows you to play games such as need for speed and pubg i am sure one who is interested in gaming this phone gives u best gala time for gaming also as battery life is powerful one gonna enjoy this phone with all the quality and features this phone have also screen is gorilla 3 which is also edge for the display serves you HD quality also M30 serves you 2 colours black and blue both are so amazing one should must buy this phone it’s totally recommended by me.
This is my honest experience of Galaxy M3o=> DesignIt has two-tone gradient finish on the back panel.From light to dark which gives a classy new look to smart phone. Phone is very handy without back cover .(9/10)=> DisplaysAmoled display is excellent.It gives perfect light in night and day usage But I REALLY MISS Corning gorilla glass protection so i will give for display (8/10)=> BatteryWell , With battery life I am very happy. It has 5000mAh battery which last for approx two days with average use.ALso it has fast charging which help me to charge it in shorter time. Best phone for battery in this price range (10/10)=> SoftwareIt comes with oreo , but I received android pie update same day when i received phone. It also have One UI which gives smooth use.( 9/10 )=> CameraRear camera is good , it perform good in all aspects as compared to other phones in same price range. But I am slightly disappointed with front camera. It has different colors then actual condition. Low light photography from front camera is terrible.disappointed with front caemra . score (6/10)=> performanceSamsung offers a good ui which gives excellent performance, have not played any games so no idea of games on phones, but normal usage is best in this phone (9/10)=>> Special FeaturesIt has some gestures like you can swipe finger print scanner to open notification panel.  it has new features which helps to use phone smartly, as android pie do not have multi window but with samsung ui you can use multiple windows.=> MY experienceThis phone fulfills my need as I changed my old phone just due to battery backup. This phone has excellent battery back of two days which keep jucied up. Also it has fast charging and lag free experience. So I am Happy With purchaseIf you are not selfie camera addicted then it will be best choice for this range.Great phone my samsungI came back after 8 years to samsung!
I am so much excited but after receiving the phone very disappointed screen was not good and Functionality also very bad.
The best phone in the range, we could call it. If we talk about cons, I can speak volumes. The battery life is superb. For a heavy user, it will last for a day or a day n a half. Camera reflects professionalism. Quality pictures are no more a dream for budget oriented phones. Good for gaming too, as there is no heating issue. UI feels great.  The design of the phone is also a boon. The polycarbonate back mounted with triple cameras and the infinity U display and the sleek design makes the phone look great in our hands. About the display, i don't think we can get anything better than this. The superamoled display gets me mesmerised every time I unlock this device.About the cons, i am yet to face them. No cons as of now.Go for it, you wont regret.
Such a good product. And best battery backup I have ever use. Best value for money product.
What you feel and say if you have not got any CONS in a smartphone. Samsung M30 is that model. Samsung has really done good innovation with M30. The mobile is butter soft and fire speed. Here goes my reviews after using it for 3 weeks. I am always using a device experiencing it & testing then only busying myself on the keyboard to write a "Review- A genuine review" so that it can help other customer attached to Amazon. This M30 is definitely a Total Paisa Vasool for your hard earned money. I brought a 6/128GB variant on a lightening deal.Camera - (Check the image clarity & crisp on the attached above image taken from M30 Autofocus mode) Average good color saturation and focus even Bookeh effect and Palm jesture options. This quality is more than enough for a daily or often usage. Don't expect a DSLR out of it ha ha ha.Battery - Huge backup to run for more than a day. Thanks to SuperAmoled displayProcessor - Ultra clock speed. Exynos is doing its job. As I played PUBG the most advanced graphic & RAM tester game ever made.Design - Super cool & young generation style. Gradation look is something Unique from Samsung.Sound/Audio - Dolby Atmos what more u want. Sitting in the crowded cab felt like Theatre Dolby experience crisp and clear+DUAL Sound effect of background+vocal speech in less volume you can hear all the details which I was missing in other smartphones till date. Even the Headphones earphones and also Speaker volume also too good due to Dolby Atmos sound engineering becos of this I felt comfortable in watching a movie over the Speaker which I never used with other smartphones till date used so far. The Bass of the Speaker u can feel it and on high volume also its not getting break.Display - A unique MASSIVE FHD SuperAmoled on 6.4 inchs display (good battery saver known fact)This M30 is Highly recommended. Buy and experience its magic performance then u will surely find my reviews true. Go for it don't think back!!!!  Thanks Amazon for fast delivery and the Seller for delivering me in a Good package. Buy today and experience smooth silky speed of Samsung M30.
After some years this is my another Samsung device.To be exact I have opt to buy another Samsung device after j7pro.The best thing is the display and the battery life of this device. It is a pleasure to watch videos in this amoled screen. Battery life is good no issues with day.Heavy users can get 1day easily and normal usage it can get easily one and half day or 2days(my usage).But the major con for me when I get this device is the lack of secure folder or inbuilt app lock.Yes M30 don't have any built inapp lock as of now.I suggest to download Norton app lock from play store over other apps as it is from a reputed developer and also it doesn't hamper the phone(lag).And please don't believe the so called reviewer everywhere saying this exynos chip isn't capable. It is capable enough to do what you need to to with a smart phone every day though I suggest everyone to go for 6gb variants if you are a game buff or performance  maniac.And yes it now run on Samsung latest one UI with android pie.just check the update after few minutes after you completed the setup process.Hope this ultra long boarin review help you.Thanks.
Very good screen clarity, it looks very neat and appealing, Camera is very good, low light photography is excellent. Fingerprint sensor is fast and it has good speed which helps me switch between apps smoothly. Gaming on this phone is awesome and it doesn't lag while playing games like PUBG and NFS. The 5000mah battery helps me almost never run out of charge . The charger included with the phone charges my phone in a matter of minutes. The AMOLED display helps me see clearer images and lets me watch movies in high definition.The Dolby digital feature helps me listen to music in high quality sound with a beautiful infinity V cut display the phone looks better than anyone. I love it
My last phone was Randi note5 proAfter that I purchase note7 proI purchase this for my brother and after one day use I gave him my note 7 pro and keep itThis time Samsung rocksPhone is excellent in this price rangePros- amazing display those who spend more time on YouTube and videos it's more than perfectBattery is excellent 2 days use in single chargeNo laggingCamera is better than fake Chinese brands who depends on mega pixelsWide angle is usefulCons- back side of phone need cover or lamination because it got scratchesIn my opinion if I want a perfect combination of power, display and camera than blindly go for it.And one thing most important this is not Chinese brand this is Korean and this brand doing more gd work 4 India as Samsung established biggest phone manufacturing unit in noida. So love Samsung 4 this and made in India phone.
Hii Guys..This Satya ..YEsteraday I Have Received the Samsung Galaxy M30 Gradation Blue 128GB.Phone Was Very Excellent nd Superb Condition. So I Have Strongly Recommended this Phone..Dnt Belive Bad Reviews..Its Was Very excellent And Awesome Phone..Evey One Should Must Buy..Tq .Tw..Som Much Guys ..Bay Have Nice day.. Happy Telugu Ugadi New Year Wishes To Every One..Tq.
The plus point of this phone is the display, ultra wide camera and the battery life. If you're someone who takes a lot of photos, and consumes a lot of media on there device then this phone is for you.Pros:-sAMOLED Display-Ultra Wide Lens-Battery LifeCons-Slower Processor-Software (Samsung Experience 9.5 looks dated design wise)-Plastic BodyPersonally I haven't noticed much difference in using the AMOLED Display but this might change with time. One thing you might need to keep in mind (I found out about this a little too late) is the processor is closed source so third party ROMs development might not be there. They should have shipped it with Android P and the one UI which is more polished. If you want a phone for camera and media consumption then buy the M30, otherwise if you want a durable phone with better android experience and processor get the Moto One Power.EDIT: After a week of usage I do not find the camera upto the mark, Images lack sharpness and they look a grainy when zoomed in even a bit. This was a huge let down as I expected this phone to have a better camera.
Loving this phone. With such great features. The charging port at the bottom is reversible Type-C and the SIM tray has a dedicated card slot. For a person who likes clicking pictures, 13 MP is amazing. It also supports Face Detection and high dynamic range(HDR) imaging. Also, you can effortlessly look through photographs and send messages on the 6.38 inches HD screen. Being battle ready with 4+64 GB memory and having 3X charging capability is what anyone would love to have. It is perfectly apt for consumers who prioritize battery backup above all else. There’s no denying that the Galaxy M30 is super comfortable to wield. Affordable, easy to access, and of one of the most trustworthy brand, Samsung Galaxy M30 is a must buy. If you’re looking for a phone with big battery and good camera, Galaxy M30 is worth considering. It is light weight with amazing display which can be expected from Samsung because it’s a brand which always has an additional feature to spice things up. This phone being available at just IMR 14,990 is surprising!
THERE IS NOTHING TO DISLIKE THIS AMAZING PRODUCT. BECAUSE IT FULFILLS EVERY NEED OF AN AVERAGE CUSTOMER. IT IS LIKE A MOST AWAITED WISH FULFILLED MORE THAN THE EXPECTATION. THANK YOU AMAZON FOR YOUR SINCERE EFFORT AND SERVICES TO EVERY CLASS OF THE SOCIETY. NO DOUBT YOU HAVE A PERMANENT PLACE IN THE HEARTS OF THE PEOPLE AND WON A TOP PLACE IN THE GLOBE. GOD BLESS YOU FOR EVER.
Have been using xiaomi phones for the past few years... Just wanted to try Samsung's new budget phone launched to compete with xiaomi. But really disappointed... Xiaomi is way ahead of samsung... As its much more user friendly. It doesn't have in built app lock facility.. We have to download it from play store. It's Screenshot capture function is way too pre historic(volume +power key pressing thing...)as compared to mi's three finger swipe. It's face recognition unlocking feature doesn't always work. It allows only three fingers to add for finger print scanning unlike mi, which allows ten fingers.Though it supports fast charging... The phone doesn't charge so fast.So overall not so happy.But only silver lining is its rear triple camera & good selfie camera.
Face Recognition is not so good on this phone, the device fails to recognize you if there is a slight change.PROS:-Amazing Battery Life.Smooth UI.Amazing Selfies.Good Performance.Works Smooth In Day To Day Tasks.Looks Good.Sleek.Fast Charge.Amazing Game Performance.CONS:-No Processor Upgrade(Same SoC as M20)Low Light Camera Performance is not so good.Portrait Shots are kinda just OK.Overall, the device is good. It's an all-rounder. I'd say buy it if you have a budget near 16K.
First putting this mobile on sale is the most bogus thing by amazon, seller n samsung. I received my order after 4days by Amazon delivery most slow not happy.Also package bag is little open but product is in fine state.Now comes to product it is very average looking samsung phone.I have to setup it 3 times as in first go i setup quickly then ads came while unlocking it.2nd time after factory reset when apps downloaded their icons not shown on screen.So in 3rd attempt i got success in setting phone according to my settings.(very headache process)No headphones at this price range and a small charging cable are again part of cost cutting for company n loss to customers.You have to buy a good cover otherwise its a slippery phone to handle.As for now its working fine no other issue...will update  further.
Review after 3 months of use. Excellent smartphone for daily use. Processor is very fast. Fingerprint sensor is working very well. Recent software update for android pie and one Ui makes this device more beautiful and value for money. Camera quality is overall good but rear camera is not good for low light photography,otherwise rear camera performence is very well in daylight. Selfi camera is excellent. Battery performence is not up to the mark as a 5000 mAh battery. Sound quality and display quality are the best things in this device. Overall impressive device.
Very very nice phone in this type of priceAnd once again i want to say that Samsung you did very good job.m30 ultra wide angel picture is so good and screen is so nice but this phone is no for gaming(PUBG).Samsung want to update this laggind processor.
1.Display-52.Battery-53.Camera-3  Poor wide angle camera  No 4K video Recording  Poor low light shots  No slow motion recording  No Android to API support -Can't use Google Cam4.Charger -4  30%-100% in 1 hour 30 minutes  Mobile gets heated while charging5.Build Quality-3  Plastic backside easily gets scratch6. Processor-4  Multitasking performs well7.RAM-5  Better ram management8. User Interface-39.Face Recogniser-1  It unlocks mobile even when eyes are closed10.Woth for money
The Samsung galaxy M30 is best in this price range. This phone's fingerprint reader is 0.4 micro second slow than any other phone but this is not a matter to criticize this phone. This phone has super amoled display and the screen quality is very good. This phone has everything what ever you want. Really this phone is value for money.
Build quality: plastic, where we get glass back at the same price in other phones like 7Battery: serves the purpose.. even after binge watching for 6hours it lasts for 1 day..Display: Excellent..super amoled with L1 certification... watching HD content is really worth the price..No head phones..which is sad..Sound quality when in call and through headphones both are better..Type C charger..which takes almost 2-3hours to fully charge..Camera: front camera is better when compared to its competitors like note 7 pro..Back camera just serves the purpose..its just ok.. nothing great to talk about..7 pro is far better at this price range..Storage and ram 64 gigs with 4 GB Ram..quite betterProcessor:exynos...just does it work..not so fast compared to snap dragon 675 ..No heating seen even after using continuously for 10-11 hours watching movies in Netflix..No night mode and slow motion videos.. which is very pathetic at this price point.No Software bloat..love one UI samsung interface with Pie update..Very good at signal reception while I'm using jio and even the net speed is too good not sure about the other phones at this price point
What's the reason to like M30 there are reasons 50Rear camera is good with a 3rd camera an extra feature to expand the picture ( but blurs the picture a little) but still goodFront camera is also better can take very nice selfieBattery life is very good even at 24 percent it worked and I charged next day And also charges fastScreen touch is smooth and screen size too goodLoving it very muchFingerprint scanner easy to use but have to store fingerprint scans to be able to use this feature unlike Redmi phones where if no scan is stored anybody can use to unlock screenI have been using for around 2 months now and very satisfiedAlso I compared SAR values and bought it for its low SAR value than some other brands
The Samsung galaxy M30 is a amazing  Phone. The device has a super amoled 6.4 inches full HD + (2280×1080) pixels resolution. Battery backup is perfect to last the entire day even on high usage. I pay lotts of heavy gaming applications (pubg). The triple camera on the device is very useful to take background blur, zoom and wide angel photos which enhance the picture quality. It feels very great to watch movies on the bigger screen.  You can use multiple Sims at the same time it allows you to use two Sims without the need of carry two mobile at the same time. It has some bunch of cool features in a pocket friendly handset. As it is a very light weight device its very comfortable to hold it with one hand. Overall this phone is worth the money, I'd definitely recommend this phone.
Using this one since a month now hence thought will give an unbiased account.Good:1. AMOLED display is vibrant. Always on display feature is better than a notification light.2. Battery life is sufficient for more than a day in average usage on 3g/4g connectivity.3. Infinity display helps justify the phone size in pocket and while browsing docs or webpages.Bad:1. AOD missing customization options. Ex. Motorola Droid ultra like AOD-check YouTube videos for comparison.2. People say Samsung batteries malfunction after 6-9 months and deteriorate in performance. I can feel that at times but I think it's not the battery tech, but the software interface which is poor in resource and power management.3. Microphone clarity is not like Nokia.4. Camera is average, especially low light photography is really poor.Ugly:1. Software interface is shit. Samsung one UI or Android one on Nokia is better..much better.2. Phone hangs! Yes 6gb phone hangs while using apps. The on screen buttons freeze. Exynos processor coupled with the poor software interface are a pain in the arse. Poor processor performance compared to Asus snapdragon phones or even Nokia 6.1 plus.
My liking for a mobile is to get better response in communication . I do not care to use it as an alternative of XLR camera ,nor  to use it as a replacement  for smart TV . A good battery so that it can help me to do my essential job when I am out of station . Your this model I selected forthese reasons . Till now I have not used it as a substitue for professional camera nor watchng a TV show or movie.Samsung Galaxy M30 (Gradation Black, 4+64 GB) is helping me but I do not want to change my hand set frequently as that kills my time to make the new mobile user freindly
I have purchased the variant with 6GB RAM & 128 GB storage. The biggest thumbs up is the battery life. With a single full charge (Requiring almost 2 hrs) at 8.00 AM , the battery has enough juice (65% remaining) at 8.00 PM with moderate number of phone calls and moderate to heavy internet use. The Super Amoled display is crisp and vibrant.On the flip side Exynos processor is somewhat slower and a buttery smooth scrolling experience is somewhat missing. Camera quality is good. Overall, the phone is worth buying.
Josphin FernandesM30 - 4+64 Samsung M30 is the combination of all the best features out there. To begin with the camera this time it comes Triple rear cameras, I really enjoyed using the wide angle feature because it is so much wider than any other cameras right now at this price, The live does a pretty good job while blurring the Background giving a really cool DSLR effect. Samsung is always known for it's display this one is no exception it comes with this really cool Amoled display with a Infinity U setup with amazing screen to body ratio. The battery in this phone is just amazing a 5000mah Battery which is enough for days easily. Overall very great phone at a low price.I recommend everyone to buy this phone. It fits in the budget and is ofcourse affordable
Samsung M30 is one hell of a device which is useful for the millemals of this generation. It comes with a 5000maH battery which is a very long lasting one with 3 times charging. It has a very sleek and special Design. It has a 6.4 screen with 6 gb ram and shake down all the apps fast. It comes with a 13MP +5MP primary camera and 16MP front camera.It has rear finger print behind in the back.The Galaxy M30 has the same The software experience is better than other Mobile phones. M30 also has a dual-band WIFI support. It also has a dedicated SD card slot . So overall comparing all the pros and M30 is a great choice for the price that it comes in. I'll recommend this phone to all.
One month in useOne of the best phones in the market right now.ProsScreen is the usp about this phone. Amazing screen ratio with Amoled display which enhances the view.Battery is also excellent with fast chargeCamera is a 4 out of 5 for this price rangeConsNo earphones in the boxOnly comes in gradient color on the back
"The new Samsung M30 is just a perfect combination of style & technology . This phone offers you 6.4"" ka Super AMOLED FHD+ Display, Samsung Exynos 7904 Processor, Triple rear camera 13MP +5MP+5MP with Infinity V Design & Notch with 16MP front Facing Camera , perfect for all selfie lovers & amateur photographers .Galaxy M30 offers you 5000mAh with l5W Ádaptive Fast Charging support , just saved my phone from dying after heavy usage 😅. Samsung Galaxy M30 comes with 2 variants i.e 4GB RAM 64G3 Storage & 6GB RAM 128 GB storage . Well my variant of gradation blue is simple & elegant yet stylish . This phone is just so perfect & affordable too ."
Well, the good things are all out there, let me list it down-1. Brightness sensor is very good and Best2. Touch is very smooth - And easy to use3. Fingerprint sensor placement is very comfortable, although sensor works very good.4. For gamers very good phone5. Never Lags a bit while changing in between multitasking tabs.6. Body is very multiple to fingerprints .7.camera quality is very good front & back both were awesome.8.Very good Processor - The octa core makes it super fast9. Samusung gives this in very good price.I love this product very much and I feel this is a great phone for some one like me.
What an amazing phone to use. Love the screen display the colour contrast and the way it looks, gives rich feels and the triple camera concept is just fabulous. The 64 gb option in this compact phone gives an amazing experience of a decent amount of storage option. The battery life adds on to the features to extend the usage for a longer period, during travel. The phone has colour choices that is black and blue, so you can choose according to your convinence. You will love how smoothly this phone functions and how beautiful features this phone has. It's worth the time and money. It is such a low priced phone but with such beautiful features
It is as expected from Samsung with high class features and it is a surprise that Samsung is giving it for a lower but reasonable price because generally the price is on the higher side as the configuration and specifications improve
The best and the most distinctive feature is the infinity -U display which makes the phone look absolutely  stunning. The triple camera makes pictures come to reality and the ultra wide feature fits all you require  in one picture. With Samsungs Exynos 7904 processor the phone works extremely  smoothly without any worries of multitasking. I can use the phone for the entire day and the phone  will always  last because  of the 5000mAh battery which makes life so much better than just around the charger.  With the sAMOLED display  every picture  comes to life with their amazing  colours. I never have to worry about the memory  as its expandable to 512GB!
Good product. It's made in India not made in China like MI mobiles.CAMERA- camera resolution is good . Provides different picture resolutions. Many good features.16MP front camera is impressive, the quality of face gets enhanced. Light settings are bit low . LIVE FOCUS IS AWESOME9.5/10Screen- The best in class. More than 90% screen body ratio. Impressive. Like 4K QUALITY10/10PROCESSOR- It is a weak part. The phone LAGS SLIGHTLY while playing games like pubg even in medium graphics7/10STORAGE-sufficient10/10Build- Its sleek and stylish. The fingerprint sensor is also nice. The plastic body is a drawback and is PRONE TO SCRATCHES8/10SMART GESTURES-provides useful features . DOUBLE WINDOW IS AWESOME8/10BEST IN CLASS PRODUCT AT THIS RANGEWITHOUT A SECOND THOUGHT GO FOR IT.OVERALL SCORE- 87% (OUT OF 100%)
Got a M30 today. Phone found to be defective. Display is not working. Camera lens positions are not proper.Samsung should not sale phones without doing proper quality checks. Each product should be quality checked.Bad experience after getting a phone in Sale event.Requested for a replacement.Again with Amazon replacement is a pain as there is no return policy. If someone want the phone urgently, it is not possible. Bad policy from Amazon.They will send a technician after 2 - 3 days based on technician availability.Waste of time.Do not buy this phone.
Very good display actually very good performance in sunlight,good touch sensitive mobile,more options but I am expecting 1ui update from Samsung as soon as possible, especially battery backup was too good it is extending upto 2 days at one full charge, good camera but some what less quality pictures in wide angle mode,can install additional camera apps for better cam performance, voice recognition level is too good, for day to day usage,and periodic game usage I prefer this mobile, one person who hates ads while using will conformly choose this mobiles.
Replaced the product due to the issue of memory slot. Need to check how the new handset works. Price efficiency by 'Samsung' has come with a cost of low quality.
It is a value for money phone. Working very well so far with good battery backup. Haven't tried low light photos. But excellent images in day light. Only problem is I am yet to get perfect fitting case and screen guard. Many compatible products are listed but each one has one or the other issues. Phone as such is excellent for the price with super amoled display.
Not worth the price at all, after all these year's of smartphones, it is a very basic expectation from the UI to be responsive and lag free specially at this price point. No matter how good the camera, processor or display might be, if the UI isn't smooth then the device will simply not be worth it. I want to return this but as per Amazon technical support app, this is working perfectly fine.
Wonderful product so far! Haven't encountered any major problems so far. The phones is overall a good budget smartphone.Pros-1)Great Battery Life2)Large storage as well as ramdecent processor (hasn't slowed the phone down)3)Great Screen4)Good front cameraall at a decent price tag.Cons-1) Rear Camera is not what you would expect2) In my model specifically, the SD card didn't fit into the slot3) Massive storage also results in longer loading time (sometimes)Other than that, I think if you're looking for a decent, dependable and good smartphone under 20k, this is the phone for you
Awesome display far better than redmi 7 proPros1 super display2 excellent touch response3 great camera4 super battery life5good sound coild be more louder but great6 turbo adapter in box7 good customise os by SamsungConsData cable length is too shortNot back glass pannelLow light camera performence avgFinger scanner little slow than note 7 pro
The phone is really amazing as it is very light so it’s comfortable and very handy to use and it has some execiting features which makes the phone more cooler especially the camera the clarity is just too good the portrait mode click is just like a DSLR click it’s very fun to play games with such amazing clarity the Display is just perfect and the most important is the battery life the battery life last longer never seen such battery life in any phone it doesn’t drain fast in all it’s a complete package of a perfect phone I love the phone as it has all features in one phone
Mobile got switched off after initial configuration and not getting ON again. All efforts to reboot the device and make it On went in vain.  Wonder why such HW faults would occur from a reputed Samsung brand?
I have been using Samsung phones for a long time and M30 is by far one of the coolest phone. It has large screen and feels better to watch videos, also the notch is very small so that doesn't cover screen. It has triple camera system which helps in focusing and gives amazing shots. This phone is very light weight so its easy and comfortable to carry and because of my hectic schedule I don't get much time to charge the phone, but M30 has super battery of 5000mAh and comes with turbo charger that gives more charging in less time, also it is type-C which is good for mid-range phone.
Best phone in budget..awsome display quality..5000 maH battery n really fast charging..Battery last approx 2 days with Internet on...Seperate slot for Memory card...Nice Triple camera...Wild angle lens is good..now Good-bye to chinese phones phones which has no clearity...Samsung made in budget
My overall review is that the Samsung Galaxy M30 is a fantastic flagship to the Galaxy M series. It is priced well and offers some really good features including a Super AMOLED display and a 5000 mAh battery.Samsung does offer best in class service and support which will help a buyers end decision if they plan to use the phone for a long time. Plus the added Samsung brand name may help aid the decision. Either way the Samsung Galaxy M30 is a compelling device, and if you are considering buying it, the decision of buying it will be a good one.
This a very good mobile, screen quality awesome, battery life excellent, good looking phone. But there is some cons also. Ist one is face lock which is not reliable because this unlocking devixe which eye closed and 2nd one is camera  camera is good but lacking in clarity, captured photo is not sharp and detailed. Camera is just average. Overall good phone in this price point. You Can purchase if you have low budget and you want a great branded mobile phone. After sales service is excellent of Samsung. You can consider this mobile if you don't want to change your mobile in every 6 month. Samsung mobile run for long time without any issue.
Sturdy and good quality phone.Battery lasts almost 1.5 days in heavy use( 4g on all the time, 50mails and reply, movies and videos for 3-4 hours, 3-4 hours of social media surfing and 150 minutes of minimum phone calls.).Camera quality is good, panoramic,  lowlight and close up are excellent.. zoom work perfect. No picture distortion. (Uploaded few pics for you to check)Panels are sturdy.Face recognition and finger print reader are pretty fast and accurate.Split screens and security features are up too the tee.Samsung features are also useful.VIOLA... Just upgraded to ui9 android.Just buy these amazing super hit mobile instrument. Highly recommended.
Those were the days with Nokia, then came Samsung ...But it lost much ground to Chinese products ... Now again, I'm joyed to renew the bond with the Koreans ...Truly made in India  feel...Obviously they have rooms for improvement, but they have retained their character ... Great product at this price ...Super amoled screen is fantastic, next comes the lasting battery. But Samsung, pls provide prompt updates...You must have done market survey about the reasons for your loosing steam in the Indian market... 29.5.19 now after pi update M30 seems more complete phone at this price...Very happy with this..Samsung
Dust inside on main back side Camera.Because of Dust. I am not able to take clear picture.Please change my device.
If anyone want to buy this phone please dont buy and waste your money on this phone because this phone is missing a lot features and also the device is not protected with Knox which is available in all phones except in m series and this phone didn't receive any updates since it has launchNote :- I am using this mobile since 2 monthsThere is only one good thing about this phone that is battery and display since this phone got 5000mah the phone starts heating very fast
I bought this phone for my dad. He had been using a Sony device for quite some time and wanted to upgrade. This is a wonderful device for a moderate smartphone user who is not a gaming freak. So far, I am quite impressed with its camera, battery backup and voice quality. Camera in certain light conditions, gives quality that matches to One Plus 6, and my Samsung A9. The phone has a vibrant screen and nice textures that makes it quite appealing to masses. Some quick clarification: 1. The phone works on all global networks. Just that it should be activated on an Indian network. 2. The low light camera is just average, if you are a photography freak, better search for another device. 3. Call reception and call quality is above average, though I would not rate it as excellent. 4. Low SAR value, that makes it an excellent buy. 5. No NFC 6. Dual SIM with a separate slot for memory card, expandable upto 256 GB. 7. You may want to get rid of lot of advertisements that bother you if you sign up with Samsung community.
Only 5000 mAh battery is positive in this model.Face unlocking is very slow & fingerprint scanner is average. I'm not satisfied with its unlocking system.Other specifications are same as other models of every brand.Screen of my mobile is coming out due to low quality pasting near front camera.3rd quality product I received from Samsung.After 20 days using, I'm feeling heating & hanging problem in 4-64 variant.
Mobile set is over heated when I played game 10 minutes only. I am relay surprised the SAMSUNG mobiles are like CHINA set. All of our friends are  told me to not bye India Make SAMSUNG because of Quality issues.
Anyways you already know the specs.then let's talk user experience, which is spectacular. you don't know how useful the always on display to check the time without turning the mobile ON. since it uses a super Amoled display it's doesn't take much juice for the always on feature. Coming from someone who used a redmi for 4 years is felt so natural to use the M30...
there seems to be some problem with the M Series mobiles, i bought M20, it was getting rebooted by itself, so returned it and got the money back, then i bought much advanced m30, it used to get hanged, even in the boot screen it will get hanged, then got a  replacement, now this replaced one seems to be ok.the camera is too good in this price, the mobile display is awesome, every thing is good about it, the battery back up could have been much better.one more plus point is u can un-install/disable all the useless apps.if there is any dilema regaring which one to go for in this price range then just go for it. but beaware i got this working handset after 2 trails in 3rd chance.
Worst Quality Camera.. Both Front and Rear... Large number of graims or noisy dots even before taking the photo and in after taking.... No clarity at all... Totally Blur Images... Useless... Never buy it...
The phone is gud design and gud features. But it's the processor is not good.  It is not suitable for heavy usage of mobile phone ,  the camera is not good. It does not have slow motion And  and blurring of image is also not good. But compare to m20. The m30 is latest model but comparing to the both m20 have gud features .  Charging backup for m30 is superb. And quality of screen is needed. This is the best budget mobile.  And we hope for the new update with rectifying the problem.
No secure folder  and galaxy pay
Bought M30 last sale and totally disatisfy with the phone.Cheap quality plastic built body.AI Camera make your picture really artificial one. What a waste of money....Display if its display called fullHD then we need to change meaning of HD.Samsung's premium phones are only good one.Plz do not buy any phone from online. Its better to go to store if they offer a same price. Atleast You can check and verify the specification offered is up to the mark or not.
pubj is note working smoothly because frame drop or maybe graphic & wide angle cam is no useful at all because pictures quality gets shity whats the point if theres no quality in picture + body is full plastice it gets scratches very easily. butt selfie camera is good in quality and display is very smooth that's good but again the 2 points that i have mentioned is not good are the maine in the main features of a phone and needs to be good in quality and in advertisement of this phone those things are especially highlighted and they aren't good in quality which is little disappointing and hurting as well because 15k is a good amount and if you don't get a what you expect is little hurting looks of the phone is good but as i have mentioned earlier there is scratch problem it gets scratch so easily. yea phone has soom cool function like multi window function which easy to use and some other features also like its own theme store so you can give your phone a new look  in use every whenever you want live focus in front camera is good
i think its the cheapest amazing phone samsung has ever come up with. loved the display, battery  lasts for 2 days , takes just over 2 hrs to fully charge( type c) , overall a great phone at this price point
Received product in time.Used for two days and found no problem at all . Camera is good low light fotograps also good and best part is battery backup even after very heavy use battery was 20 % at 8pm . No lag in gaming installed pubg and played for few minutes. Face recognition is also fast and responsive.Just only one issue came of ads on lock screen after app updation which was promptly solved by custumer care after calling them . As per them third party apps like DILYFIT CALCULATORS PEEL REMOTE AND SOME MORE APPS are responsible for advertisement on lock screen . After uninstalling the dailyfeet app issue solvedDailyfit app is preinstalled after updation it shows  adds on lock screen so please uninstall it and enjoy the new  mobileOverall very good product at such price tag .My openion is go for it
Amazon delivered the product 2 days late even after me being a prime customer so that cost the product 0.5 on the star scale. Coming to the product, it is a good choice for the price range. It has a decent camera(s). The processor is fast and responsive. Fast face recognition,good image stability and low light photography is decent with a few glitches. There is a minor heating issue at times. The only negative is the battery life. I have used a phone with 5000 mAH before. It stayed way longer than M30 without the need for charging it. To be precise with this huge a battery size that Samsung claims the performance is not as great as it should be. You will need to charge the battery twice a day with moderate use and no gaming. If you are to use it for PUBG you'll need to charge it more than twice a day. The picture and sound quality are decent as well but Dolby Atmos for sound works only with headphones or a bluetooth speaker. I also experienced a slower internet speed with this phone and network issues. All these cost the product a star. I have written this review after using the phone for over a week.
Too Much lagging, despite of 4gb ram. Battery life is the only very best thing. the face recognition is okay, but its the most insecure, opens even when your eyes are closed. fingerprint reader is too slow compared to redmi phones also, camera is also not much appreaciable. but over all its really really priceworthy., if you want branded.
Worth the money I spent and also additional features like fingerprint and face recognition to unlock amazing and would like to share few negative points like front camera clarity or quality of picture is not like earlier samsung phones. I think you people copied Oppo/ Vivo which is giving very poor quality images. Hope you will address this case and take necessary action in upcoming models.And I'm looking for fingerprint on screen rather than bottom of Mobile. And I have seen many of other manufacturers mobile has SMS organizer feature which Samsung doesn't have in any of the models.I have not got any earphones with mobile which is again bad thing. I may buy outside but I will not feel voice quality and I can not blame earphone or mobile. And now you are sending SMS to win an earphone which is other manufacturers product & giving it to your beloved customers only for 50 numbers.Waiting for ur next model with expected features and earphones.
On this budget Samsung M30 was so much better.On this price, face recognition option coming. It was very comfortable and quick unlock.As usually fingerprint reader also so better in this phone @ back side.And another great features were triple cameras. Excellent image quality and stabilization. While using rear camera on live focus there is a background blur option available.  It gives you a professional touch to picture.Almost all features and options, themes, structure of Samsung and everything is awesome.At 15000/- this phone is best buying and worth buying.
The phone is really amazing as it is very light so its comfortable and very handy to use and it has some exciting features which makes the phone more cooler especially the camera the clarity is just too good the portrait mode click is just like DSLR click its very fun to play games with amazing clarity Samsung Galaxy M30 is priced aSamsung Galaxy M30 is priced at Rs 14,990 for 4GB RAM + 64GB internal storage. The smartphone retails at Rs 17,990 for the 6GB RAM variant.
This phone is worth every single penny I paid. It's an amazing phone.Pros:It's built quality.It's UI (highly customizable), you will love it.It gives a premium look and you will feel good using your phone.It's battery is GOD level.Also it's battery optimisation is very good.Display is just awesome, it gives a complete infinity look.Cons:The camera is good but I expected something more from it. I'll give 8/10 to it's camera.There is no slo-mo option.There is no shutter speed setting available in pro mode, this is very disappointing.I hope Samsung will come up with some good camera features in it's software update.
Display clearity is too good. Has night mode aslo for cutting harmful blue light rays to eyes. Bettry is also good. Rubber back cover also looks stylish if we put on it. I have put Black back cover and one temperd glass total it costed me around Rs200. Weight after putting back cover is also so light. Most important is it dosent heat up on ears while talking. All One plus and other mobile gets heat up on ears while talking. And Samsung service centre you will get easily everywher if any damage occurres when accidentally dropped down or any. And any mobile get drops down somehow in our regular life as we are not that much perfect in handling. Think about your current mobile how many times you have dropped it down. So don't take risk of buying other mobile. Press helpful below if you found this review helpful.
It's been a month with the phone and am quite satisfied with the product. This is my first Samsung phone I am using and this cannot be comparable with my last phone (Moto G5s Plus). Moto was far better in build quality and other features. I sometimes do regret that why I changed my phone with Samsung.Cons:1) Annoying part: While in pocket, the phone open's WhatsApp on it's own, selects a message and sends it to some random contact or sometimes it captures few photos inside my pocket or sometimes it calls someone whom I have never contacted in years. This happens when you set "Swipe" as your screen lock. (Double tap to unlock + Swipe) Never faced such issue with Moto with same settings. I miss my Moto. :-(2) On video call (4G), my phone gets heated near the antenna area. Yani, too much heat.3) When I shake my phone,(simply) I hear a weird sound above the fingerprint sensor. (something like a lose screw inside).4) Speaker sound is not as expected.5) Processor is not at all good. It lags most of the time until you restarts the phone.6) No slow motion video recording & No EIS.Pros:All good except the above 6 points.
This mobile having issue with auto brightness sensor.Worst experience with amazon technicians
Low light outdoor photography is very poor even with flash,  secondly my phone is 4 GB 64 GB model which totally hangs when we are watching continuous movie and where in we want to switch application. Thirdly 5000mah battery is not much appreciated because I don't feel any difference between my old J7 3000Mah battery. Without always Display function battery last 20 hrs with normal use and with Always Display ON it last 18 hrs. Rest over all phone is good.
First time Samsung bring something good by it's price range. It's really a very good phone on budget, face recognition is good and fast, Ram management is much better Then Samsung earliest phone's. With amoled display you get a great viewing experience of movie and game. Key factor is Telescopic lens in camera. Wide angle photo's make some swag. Battery life is good and USB3.0 gives boost charging so no more stuck to charging point.At last if you want phone under 20K with brilliant design and cool look swag experience, just grab it Now!
Phones memory is a big plusCamera - ok-ish not suitable for photo lovers, front camera decent.Battery - I am a moderate user holds for a day,Screen - screen quality is good ,Speed - there is a lag here and there but runs smoothly , not to the level of 6gb ram!!Needs improvement in touch sensitivityLight weighted easy to handle can be operated in one handThere is heating while charging but not so noticible while using..Value for money... Camera is the area to be improved
Moved to Android from iOS and getting tired after spending a significant amount on gadgets that gets outdated in few months. Went with M30 more because of the Samsung brand name, but I've been very very happy with the performance so far. Brilliant display, seamless gaming performance(PES), decent camera(smoothens a bit too much for my liking) but the triple cam works well in natural light and for wider output.Best thing though has to be the battery. I hardly keep the phone down and it still lasts me almost two days. Charges in 2-3 days.Not all too happy about the finish and color but nothing a case couldn't solve. In short, easily the best in the class. Strongly recommended.
Hello,I purchased this phone and i found me self lucky to get this phone in first sale.This phone is awesome with performance as well as look wiseThis gradient look makes it osmThis display Quality is really best in the Samsung Galaxy M 30Infinity U Amoled  Display changes the idea of all things.I loved this phone sooo much......Thanks Samsung to making this type of osm Device with great functionality..........Loved it Soooooooo much.......
I bought this phone after seeing lots of review and comparison between M30 & Mi7 Pro.I saw M30 surpass Mi7 pro by very little margin in Display, Battery & superfast charger.If you are not gamer than go ahead with  M30.Pros:DisplayBatteryFast charger in packCamera (both rear & front)Cons:Volume (ringing / music) is not that greatFace recognition is working even if we show the locked phone while the person sleeping.Background app management is slow. So don't open too many apps in background.Conclusion:Good phone for normal usage under 15k budget.
Overall awesomesAmoled displayGood btry backup
Sometime in mid 2016 i purchased Samsung J7 6 & I fall in love with Samsung Phone. It's still smooth, sleek & wow. Since im in Govt service, i further recommended Samsung for our in-service use and purchased around 70 Samsung phone. These Govt. phones changes hand everyday & faces different handling pressure from different user & even after 2 years, all are healthy and fine.I'm regular on Amazon & saw the ad of Samsung Galaxy M30. But what surprise me the 6gb ram & 128 gb internal memory with 5000 mah battery. There is no question of comparing since its Samsung. I tried almost for 1 month to book my phone and delivered within 24 hours.Galaxy M30 has everything what some of 40K android phone offers. Look-> Sexy for all angle, Speed-> It can beat anybody, Power-> Just Imagine, It is there.Samsung understands US better than anybody else.Its a precious possession. GO GET IT.. FEEL IT.. U WILL SURELY FALL IN LOVE.
Overall phone is good and branding of Samsung perfect. But the major problem that will never happened in any phone is network problem. M30 has a big network problem, because it has its own chip, that's not well tested and for avail in low cost phone Samsung ignore that major issue wit the chip of network failure. I am using the phone since one and half month and the problem is the network on this device is not stable in many areas, while using another phone in the same area with same operator work perfectly and the coverage is also fulk but with M30 coverage was not full and internet is not work properly.2nd is the sount of mobile speaker is too low. You could not hear that loud an clear while you are outside or in home not that loud. So no proper network no proper signal no proper coverage we can't use this phone at all, it is useless because no proper internet access & always carry a headphone if you want to listen properly.
Great Battery,Camera and display.Goes from 15 to 100 in 2hrs 15mins with the in the box charger.Asphalt 8 can be played lag free in high graphics.Bloatware or unnesessary apps can be stopped from getting installed.The Ultra wide camera is great and both the rear setup and front camera provide sharp and good quality pictures.The phone does not lag at all in handling day to day tasks and can also handle multitasking with ease.My review is based on my 2 weeks usage.If you want a phone for taking pictures,watching videos and playing non-heavy duty games,this phone is for you.This combines the specs of Xioami and the Quality and assurance of Samsung.
The product is average only Battery and Screen is the positive thing. The fingerprint reader is too slow to response same go with face unlock, processor is very bad in terms of speed. App loading time is long you can see the app is loading, lagginess is everywhere. Wide camera is too poor, quality of the wide angle photo quality is really poor.
Samsung Galaxy M30 is the best phone anyone could buy in the given price range. It's a cut above the rest.Unbeatable looks, stunning display, amazing battery life. The availability of type c and 3x fast charge makes it an easy fit in our busy lives. The 4gb ram along with a great processor and indulging display greatly enhances one's gaming and video watching experience. The 64gb internal memory which is expandable upto 512gb makes it impossible to run out of space. The presence of stock Android adds a lot of value. The triple camera makes the photos come to the real life and with the new ultra wide angle feature the whole class can fit into a single frame. The Galaxy M30 is powered by Exynos 7904 processor which makes it capable of playing high end games like pubg, asphalt 9 smoothly. Overall, the phone is packed with the best features which makes it win in all conditions when compared to other smartphones available in the market.
Overheat on continues call just 10minShowing blur face on video calls
I have purchased  it few days back,I'm facing problem while playing PUBG,if you are thinking to buy it and you think that you'll play pubg in this phone drop your plan to buy it.it is facing various problems1) I can not locate on pubg map touch does not respond in that case.2)I m facing multiple touch problems while playing the game3)there is lag while playing when everyone using tha same wifi connection to play.(I thought Samsung m series will be different from old Samsung hang problems but I was wrong)And the worst thing,They will not refund you(non refund policy) they will not replace it saying that is a third party application and they can't  do anything about it and advisingme to uninstall  it. basically I'm stuck and cursing the moment I decide to go for samsung m30. Please yo don't fall in that trap.There is no option of giving 0 else I have done it.
Battery life is amazing, though it takes somewhere between 2.5 and 3 hours for charging from 10% to 100%.Finger print sensor is mediocre. Camera is okay.Display is wonderful and I have been using this phone for a month now and I did not have any heating issues(if I do not use the phone while it is charging) and the phone does not hang.There seems a lot of software bugs which hopefully might be removed by the updates. Like when you are having a phone call, and if you press end call, the call will get disconnected after 2 seconds and not immediately.The look of the phone is really really amazing as it has that gradient finish, however, it has plastic body. For looks, it is 10/10.All in All, in this price range, it is quite good.
Let's start by saying I am loving this phone! Three things I love:1. Build Quality2. Cameras3. Performance and BatteryLet's start with the first point, i.e.,1. Build Quality : The body of this phone is completely made out of plastic but has a good feel to it. It doesn't feel cheap and is solidly built nevertheless.2. Camera : The Samsung Galaxy M30 has four cameras in total, three at the back and one in the front. The selfies are next level. You can also use AR emoji and beauty modes to enhance your photos.3. Performance and Battery : ,Gaming is pretty awesome, You can play PUBG at high settings which is the default setting by the way. The 4GB ram also helps alot with multitasking and keeping apps alive in the background. There is 64GB of on board storage but this phone also comes with a dedicated micro sd card slot that supports upto 512GB micro sd cards. So, you don't need to worry about storage at all.The Battery backup of this phone is insane as it has a 5000mAH battery, it easily lasts you for 2 days or more. This phone also supports fast charging so it will take you very less time to charge it and you don't have to charge it everyday.What a phone, highly recommend!
M30 is a great phone with latest configuration and security features. The battery back up with normal usage went on for more than 48 hours and with heavy usage went upto 30+ hours. The camera quality is good and different modes are easy to operate. Overall a good buy.
I am using this Mobile Since Last 8 Days and I had Purchased for 5000 mah Battery but Its Battery Life is Worst.. It drains within a Day.. And Lots of Mobile Hanging issue with Processor... Processor is Very Poor.. Mobile Hangs for 2 - 3 Application. Very Disappointed by Samsung.
Bad camera...triple camera is as good as dual....not a performer, Snapdragon 675 in Xiaomi RN7Pro gives 170K+ in antutu along with IMX586 sensor for extreme camera performance...buy this phone only for Super Amoled display as this is the cheapest Amoled option!
Overall Samsung M30 is value for money:Pros:1. Good looks2. Light weight and thin3. Goog battery life4. Excellent front and back cameraCons:1. Finger senser is little bit lagging, sometimes unresponsive.2. Screen touch is sometimes unresponsive. I have to touch icons multiple times to open them.
Everything about this phone is superb. DISPLAY- CAMERA - BATTERY - AWESOME.thanks to its Super AMOLED display, triple camera setup and massive 5,000mAh battery.Now after the latest update of ANDROID  PIE, the phone has become super smooth. The  1.8GHz octa-core Exynos 7904 chipset deserves a mention here.I am a heavy gamer and also drive around 9 hrs per day using the phone GPS and Google maps. At the end of the day I don't find it necessary to recharge it.The quick charger included with the phone is super efficient to charge upto 50% in 30 minutes.The use of Finger print reader is brilliant.  Now I never have to key in my password everytime for logging in and checking out . My one finger print helps me in dozens of daily transactions across several sites and this is amazing using only my fingerprint.The Camera setup too is good especially the wide angle lens, the HQ photos and videos also do not require lot of space for storage. (higher the camera MP higher the picture MB)  My M30 is strong and powerful enough to last with me for next 10 years and I will recommend it for everyone.
After using the phone for few months now, I will give it 3.5 stars.Pro:Good battery life for normal user.Okay-ish charging speed.Great looks.UI looks cool too.Wide angle camera photos are awesome. Even selfies and normal photos are good. Low light photography suffers a bit.Face unlock feature is very fast and accurate too.ConsFingerprint sensor is too slow.Samsung's OS features like searching lags a bit.Flash light is not so powerful and hence low light photographs are not good.All and all good stylish phone. MI phones might be better than it in this range but for those who don't like to go for those companies (like me) this is a decent enough phone. You can get value for money.
I am absolutely impressed by the stunning display of the smartphone. Another impressive quality is its battery life....believe me once you charge the phone upto 100% and it will easily last for more than 24 hrs even if you use it extensively for 8-10 hrs. Though the processor is not at par with the competition but it does a good job in handling the phone. I have been using it for roughly 3 months now and personally I haven't encountered any major lag. Camera quality is good though the wide angle camera resolution could have been better, but still it's a nice bargain at this price. Overall, the smartphone is best suited for those people who do not care much about the phone specifications and just want to have a friendly device which can serve all the major functions of a modern era with ease. Also, hats off to SAMSUNG for finally reacting to the need of a proper budget smartphone and also for delivering timely android updates unlike the previous samsung phones in this price range.
Kindly Read Carefully if you going purchase  this Galaxy M30●First there is a big problem with this phone is Network issue●Heating Problem●Battery Back up is also Not as Expected it's equal to 4000mAh if Compare with other Mobiles●Camera Quality is also Not Good, Weak Pixel Quality.●Processor is also old it's working slow legging is there.●slow Finger print sensor♡Only one thing is good you will get proper notifications.●Voice Quality is also Not Good, it's annoying.●Its a worst product by Samsung Now I have no faith  on Samsung,This type phone Not Expected from Samsung.We Can't Compare this phone with any other brand under 18000Rs.I want to Return this phone but there is no option  for Refunds, after purchasing once you can only Replace, Can't get Refund.
The product is really amazing, but the piece i got is defected, which keeps on hanging within one week of use.The phone starts heating while i play any game, specifically the finger print sensor and the camera was also not good.My brother bought the same phone in first sale, and he got a awsome phone.But the working and the other things in the phone i have got is defected, i think.Please resolve my problem.
Display and battery AwesomeBut accessories disappointed Data Cable length is too small, No Earphone in world of music nowadaysCan't save messages as draftGood phone it is overallIt never hangs, that's what I like
CAMERA QUALITY IS GOOD BUT FINGERPRINT SENSOR ISN'T AS GOOD AS TO BE.. BETTER LIFE IF VERY GOOD..
Finger print scanner works fine but face recognition takes too long to work. Secondly I doesn't have that good performance, if u want powerful performance I recommend u buying redmi note 7 pro. It's been 3 week with this mobile and with my variant (6+128) and many 7-8 games (including pubg, shadow fight 3) it has not hanged or even lagged a single time in the systemU will be getting a ad free Samsung ui.One thing which is itching me is the android version. I hope they will give a pie update soon as it's running the android oreo.Coming to camera, Camera is overall very good. With a good selfie camera, u can amazing selfie shots though I wanted them to give all mo mode in video but they haven't so that's in the down side.Another important thing is it's display and man that's the sexiest display,it looks soo good. And if u r movie marathon guy u are absolutely gonna love this phone with its super amoled display. It's shows black in its purest fork.If I want to review this phone I will give a rating of 86/100
bought samsung m30 on flash sale(21/3/2019) n it reached on 25/3/2019 noon itself. from the very 2nd day (27/3/2019) itself the device hanging...  :(hanging unnecessarily... done factory reset more than 2 tymz to make the device workng properly.from yesterday eve (8/4/2019), only after 2 weeks, again hanging n touch is not working.  can see calls comng.... bt cnt attnd d call...
Battery life was Good as 5000 Mah. Front camera was good 16Mb, back camera was not upto mark. Not good for gaming. Better choose MI note 7 pro with 48 Mp camera features.Not yet all good choice.
One of the best phone purchased till date. I'm in love with the Samsung m30, especially because its a budget phone and provides so many great features. Talking about the battery life - It runs for almost 2 days with heavy usage especially when I play my favourite Pubg game. It doesn't even lag either which in return enhances my gaming experiance. I love streaming HD videos on Netflix and the clarity is phenominal. Talking about the camera, it captures beautiful images which can be easily compared to photos clicked on DSLR. The charcoal colour which I picked is the best and it has 64GB memory inbuild which helps me store all photos and videos. It's a great buy for everyone and I love it.
The Samsung Galaxy M30 is a unique phone alone by its body having a gradient finish to it. Considering the fact the phone has an infinity display it’s super light weight and also very sleek. The ultra wide angle camera captures the entire picture in detail, and it’s supported by its auto focus. It also supports 4K video recording. The 16 MP front camera makes it ideal for taking the best selfies. In addition to the 128 GB internal storage, it can be extended up to 512GB. The Octo Core processor along with the 6GB of RAM makes the phone a ideal phone for heavy applications that work with extremely smoothly. The Processor and RAM also makes it’s a really good phone for Gaming especially for games like PUBG and Asphalt 9. The best about this phone is the fact that it only cost ₹17,990 which is a complete value for money.
The phone has Excellent Display, Battery backup is perfect to last the entire day even on high usage and also triple camera is cherry on the cake which enhances the picture quality!! Reading, browsing internet and watching videos is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen. The Face Recognition feature is so quick and effortlessly stylish. Slimmer phones are easier to carry and look more fashionable. Use multiple sims at the same time. It allows you to use two services without the need to carry two mobiles at the same time. Touch Displays offer a more interactive experience. Camera features are great and they offer image stabilization which really helps as I travel a lot and requirement is high, pictures in low light also come out pretty great. Overall, it's got new and exciting features some of which include face unlock, a gyroscope and a compass which makes using the phone fun and enjoyable!
its a nice move by samsung to place a nice budget phone.though in specs it might not be comparable to readmi note 7 and real me 3 pro.it has amazing display and slim, nice design, it looks like a premium phone than the above.also these xiomi/realme have a unnecessary nautanki of falsh saleswhich is just a gimmickso prefer these companies like samsung.
Face recognition not accurate...open with close eyes also.Fingerprint sensor is also slow & take time to response.Image quality gud in outdoor but very poor in indoor & low light. Need update to fix these things..Amoled Display quality is awesomeComporomise in build quality not as per Samsung brand standards.
In only about 2 months of usage, the screen got cracked after being dropped from a height of about 2ft which is not that much. This phone's screen doesn't have any sort of protection. I have other phones having gorilla protection and they get dropped pretty often by my kids and they are still fine. Please remember that if you are buying a Samsung phone then do buy an insurance to cover your screen as it's gonna break like a fragile glass. If possible go for Xiaomi, redmi who are offering gorilla protection even on low range phones. I did a big mistake buying this phone. Should have gone for Redmi note 7 pro
Good device with both Cons & ProsGood looking device and feels good in hand. Though the size is big can be comfortably hold in one hand with out slippery.I'm Not much into gaming, but very decent performance for everyday use.Display is brilliant. But Auto Bright sensor is not upto the mark.Primary & Depth sensor camera is very good and wide angle sensor could ave been much better, image looks very distorted even in normal view. Front camera performance is goodNo Heat issue.Battery backup comes upto 2 days in normal use with Mobile Data+ Wi Fi always on. With heavy use like navigation, Bluetooth calling, Audio the battery backup easily lasts up to 1 day.Device takes upto 1 hr to charge completely.
I ordered this product for my Mother. There was nothing to protect phone other than a Amazon carry bag.Product can be damaged easily. Also, sim slot was bended..Pros:-1) Premium Amoled screen and Back is also awesome.. Don't trust the reviews stating that it looks cheap..No, it looks premium.2) Camera is quiet good..Better than what people say in review.3) There is no lag in device functioning.4)Handy and stylish.5)Charging is very fast.Cons-1) Device is delicate so Case cover is must.2) Not so loud speakers unlike Chinese plastic phones I.e. oppo,vivo,miVerdict- If u want long lasting phone for at least 3 years, go for it...It gives u premium Samsung feel..Don't fall for China Plastic phones like Mi..
Overall a good phone with a decent camera. Difference between a 4gb or 6gb RAM is hard to tell as such. I faced a few problems before the android 9.0 update, the phone was pretty slow but have been working fine post that.What I like about the phone is it's looks, sleek and blue comes in a dual shade which gives it a classy look. The camera is good. And the screen resolution is great too. The battery life is too good for a Samsung but again I have been using the phone for just 2 months with an average usage.The face recognition lock is pretty slow and there are a few lags in the camera application and while uninstalling the apps.Overall I would recommend buying the phone for this range because of the looks and the features overall.
After using this phone for Almost a month I can say I m fully mindblown . Battery life awesome n charging is fassttttt. Stanndby time n actual usage time is much more than expectation in this price range n segment.Processor is decent doesn't lag.Phone doesn't heat up which is plus point.Phone is bit heavy coz of 5000mah battery but its understandable.Security is awesome like face unlock n fingerprint n pattern etc so much secure.Display is crisp for this price.Camera 3 in back n dot moycg display is oomph factor.N colour omg gradation blue I looved it.It took almost 4 sales to acquire this one.So to summarize "go for it u won't regret#"
Just loved using M30. Samsung offered a budget but no compromise in quality for M30, that's what i felt after using it for a while.1, Display : SuperAMOLED, that I've never seen in this price range, the difference between LCD and Samsung's SuperAMOLED is incomparable. The black is the perfect black, and each and every colour is crisp in SuperAMOLED. And thereby offering the Best visual experience and low power consumption. And also the display is bit bigger than most phones at this range, which is a good thing.2, Battery life : 5000 mAh, more than enough. For an average user* it lasts 1day and a few more hours.(*depending on our use)Gameplay, If you are an average gamer, this is for you. But if u need high graphics and smooth gameplay in games like pubg, asphalt etc, this phone is not fully recomended, But still, M30 is good for gaming. For the first time i played pubg in M30. Using gfx tool games like pubg can be played smoothly. So that part is solved.And still the phone is light weight.3, Camera : A Triple camera setup at this price range is awesome, the ultra wide angle cam is the special one with an average clarity. But the primary 13 MP and depth cam 5MP does the job perfectly.The 16 MP selfy cam performance is also good even in low light* ( but the clarity varies with the light )4, Sound : M30 offers High quality Dolby Atmos audio experience while using headphones, for both Music and Videos.5, User Interface or UI : SAMSUNG'S One UI is the best, simple and peaceful interface in my view.6, Fingerprint reader : Not only for unlocking the phone fast and safe, but it can also be used to scroll down the notification panel easily by dragging finger up to down on the fingerprint reader.( Not seen in any other phone )7, Sim and Memory card slot : there is a dedicated slot for 2 sim cards and 1 memory card, this specification is not seen in many phones.8, Notification light : no specific led for notification but the flash light led or screen dimming can be enabled as notification light.
I am writing this review after using M30 4GB variant for 5 days. Display quality is amazing.  I watched a lot of online reviews before purchasing M30 and wasn't sure about camera quality but found it much better those reviews.  Front cam is very nice and Rear cam also gives you nice clicks. Only low light photography is average. Sound quality is also very good. Louder than Redmi note7 pro. Battery backup of 1.5 days for average user like me who is not in heavy gaming.  No hanging or heating issues. Curved design feels premium in hand. Dual Volte is good experience. Fingerprint and face recognitionsensors work nicely. Overall much better experience than what YouTube reviews told.
Worst mobile of samsung company. Damn on it.compare itGoodBrand name on backside for दिखावटीपनाTriple camera but (only 2 camera works 100%true)5000mah battery but not good backup drain fast4Gb ram memory (always 85% used by system and for you ....?)64gb storageAmoled display (Not much brighter //not pure black its grey colour 😕)USB type c ( but not usb 3.0 hahaha सुपर ठग)processor very slow # MOBILE HANGING PROBLEM #सैमसंग का हैंग मालूम है तो बताने की कोई जरुरत नही हैBuild quality is not good polycarbonate bodyIn 15000??? सीधी भाषा में प्लास्टिक बॉडी !!Mओबीले
The M30 is really worth for the money..We get super AMOLED display and 5000mAh battery at merely 15000 Rs ...The Dolby atmos also work good with earphones plugged in...The only slight drawback is its performance with respect to gaming....The Exynos processor just works fyn with PUBG...at low fpsOne more setback is that it works on android 8.1 oreo (Samsung will come with its pie update maybe by the end of the year)..Compared with redmi note7 pro in terms of gaming performance and camera M30 loses the battle but in terms of battery and display M30 is the winner...Conclusion- For gamers I would recommend redmi note 7 pro but for others M30 will make you fully satisfied...
It's a good looking phone,  good display, foot to watch movies and you tube,  decent specs,  and it does all the work pretty good , camera is good but still my 2016 s7 edge has better camera than this , even processor is not that fast or slick but it's ok as long as one doesn't use it to play say PUBG , sadly it doesn't support samsung pay or samsung pay mini, whereas j7 had samsung pay mini.buy it for daily use,  it's good phone for the price
1.WiFi 5 GHz band signal strength is weak2.Main speaker volume is very low when compared to Samsung A7 or other phones in the segment3.Wide angle rear camera clarity is not good. High distortion in  night normal light.4.Some video file formats are not playable over the network.5.Screen mirror for playing videos is slow or  fast not working
This mobile getting over heat and camera not clear and mobil display flashing. I need to return this product.
I brought this phone 3 days before. 1st time review writing on online purchased product. cause I've losses because no one write like my type issue. Really good mobile  since  awesome camera capture and battery life. Still I've losses my display from drop of 2 feet from coffee table to floor. Even cloth  Matt floor not direct concrete. I've feel bad that display crack and not working confirmed with customer care that this not cover under warranty price may cause around 6k plus to replace combo of touch and display. Really if you smooth user without drop 1 time you can or elce wear some type of protector's to avoid losses. This is from my heart to no let other to looses there hard earn money 💰
Very good phone its look is very stylish and screen is superb crisp and clear very sharp display love its displayAll other features  are also good both camera are good in daylight  to take  good picturesBattery  backup  is good and fast charging  is good
Pros-Go for itI'll suggest 6gb/128gb.I have been using it for more than 2 months.I have 10 GB of different games but it doesn't affect the phone.I have every social media app and all runs smoothly.Processing power of the phone is really nice.A phone with awesome battery life.Cool graphics, beautiful screen and good looking mobile phone.You can not get a better branded phone in this range.Better camera than all the phones in this range. Better than all oppo/vivo phones below 20k. I can assure that the depth sensitive of M30 is better than oneplus5t.Cons-There is no inbuilt applock (does not matter)Default setting in pubg is not so smooth so you have to put it on low mode (still HD).Inbuilt game recorder is there but recording pubg creates frame drop if you play on HD.Face unlock is real fast but not really secure.Fingerprints works at lightening speed.
First of all, I'm a loyal SAMSUNG Guy; I can't use OPPO/VIVO because of their User Interface. Prior to M30 I have used J7!!! Thats why I was very upset when I heard SAMSUNG wont give OneUI to M-Series, but it didn't happen; SAMSUNG shocked everyone by giving OneUI to its Millennium series...1.sAMOLED Display under 15k: I Can't Use a Phone that doesn't have OLED Panel !!!2.Huge 5000mAH Battery: Phone lasts atleast 2 days with normal usage.3.Supports HD streaming: I'm a Netflix User.4.Dedicated card slot: I'm a guy who uses 2 SIM's with a SD Card in it.5.USB Type-C port and fast charging that charges phone in just approximately 1 hour.
Galaxy M30 is a great phone For the great budget, you get an AMOLED screen, better selfies, better connectivity (dual-band Wi-Fi), and a better portrait mode for the rear camera.You can record videos of beautiful moments, sceneries and watch them later.Triple camera is useful in enhancing certain effects like blur, zoom and wide angle photos.More cores result in better parallelism, meaning more tasks can be processed in parallel without slowing down the User Interface thats because of the insane ram. Time to beat everyone while playing PUBG ;)It has a Gyroscope that determines orientation and rotation and provides more accurate 3D motion tracking than an accelerometer. All in all a power pack phone within the budget, I'd definetly recommend this phone.
Phone is too good and being Samsung M series it has to be impressive.Ram being 4GB is good enough for a person like me and 64 gb storage is more than needed for me.front and back camera both are proper and pictures I clicked, are really nice. Charging is not getting drained like before used phones so impressed with it and gets charged quickly within some time. 1.8 GHz processor is appreciated. Supports 4g which is the best part. Android system 8.1 i.e Oreo version is already available.At once 2 sim cards can be used so happy for it. Since I'm using Samsung it's always a happy moment for me. It's light weightedso it's always a plus point. Display is really very good and very sensitive. I'd give a 5/5 for Samsung M30
I have purchased Samsung Galaxy M30 through Amazon flash sale on 7th March and received on 8th March. Was very excited to unbox however upon unboxing the phone did not switch on. This is really very annoying. 😡😡😡😠What kind of quality inspection Samsung does before packing the phone. There is nothing being displayed even though I know that the phone is charged and on, the display is dead. Didn't expect this from Samsung and Amazon India.And now when tech inspection is done, Amazon is saying they can't replace and forcing me to take a refund and on the other hand conducting another flash sale but they don't have it for replacement.
ProsAmazing display at this price point, 2 day battery backup on moderate to heavy usage,  super light for 5000mah battery phone.ConsAverage cameras,  poor low light performance,  graphic intensive games dont play smooth,  very slow finger print sensor- takes 2 seconds to detect, akward placement of the sensor placed higher than regular phones.The most annoying thing however is the spammy ads that pop up everytime.  I tried scanning through various malware/adware detectors but couldn't spot any rogue app.Bettet Go for redmi note 7 pro  or realme 3 pro unless you are die hard fan of super amoled screen.
"This phone is very much attractive as well as good looking.The camera results is very good.Focus mood and blur is very much clear.The system theme is awesome.This phone also having a latest processor so working of phone is very fast and smooth.Notch is very much attractive.This phone is awesome as well as phone battery is amazing.Battery backup is very long which is very useful.The notification style on display is also beautiful.The sound system of this phone is awesome.Phone is very much attractive due to less thickness.Phone is lighter so it can be easily maintain.Camera is a best part of phone because the different type of picture can click in single phone like blur picture, wide range picture, different filter, etc."
Too much ads nonsense videos at home screen. Didn't know u will get push ads as Samsung wanna subsidise the phone m30. Regret buying it.
Good phone in low budget with almost major features inbuilt. Most amazing part is the battery. You dont have to worry about battery getting dry at the end of the day as it supports battery for 2 consecutive days. Its so because I attend almost more than 500 calls a day and the battery supports my cell for 2 days consecutively.
This is my most awaited product I have purchased this phone after 1.5 months, due to unavailability on daily sale..but I am happy that something received after long wait is feeling awesome...this is a best phone in all the models whether it's for price or specifications. if you see the same configuration with other models it's highly expensive I have compared 25 models with M30, but there is something less features compare to this phone it's a cheapest phone in  the planet with high configuration (128gb 6gb Ram) try try again until you get the phone in the daily sale....thank you Samsung and Amazon for delivering on time.
I have buy this product because of Brand reputation but did not come up to my expectation as compare to other samsung mobile  I am using as Samsung On Max and J2 Pro (2016). Not working in Weak Signal as compare to other phone, everytime disconnected and have to manually configuring it, usually I used maximum for Internet. Front Camera is good but Rear camera is inferior. FingerPrint reader, Face Recognition and Battery is excellent.  Overall built and function is good as Processing speed, Loudspeaker, HD screen and video quality.I will give Three Star  and Price is little bit High it should be around Rs.12000.
It's very wrost product from Samsung. Camera quality very poor as compared to j6 ,j8 . I am promising I will never buy Samsung product in future. Dear friends  kindly compared ones with  j8 . Samsung Making us fool. Speaker quality of M30 ,a30 is very bad . AlsoThere is no option to zoom in/ out during camera operation .
Pls dont buy this !!!!*it's a big BUG!* i have lost my time and money !!!! I have buy this garbage m30 in Amazon after 29th day it's shows the error 'Moisture detected' and did not get charged and not allows to charge, and actually it's a mobile BUG. there is no moisture in my phone!,*I have asked the mobile replacement but the Samsung service says we have only changed the USB port.* Again the same issue came again I'm go to the Samsung service they have said only again they can only able to change the USB port. this mobile completely waste of my 14k.!!! Worst customer response
Very bad sound quality not fresh music Dolby atmos not good m30 front camera very bad low light  screen quality very nice  aur sab thik hai iske alabe mobile sound very bad battery life  very nice fast charging nice
I purchased this phone over mi note7 pro. Phone is very very good in response.Pros- Battery is huge, I charged it full and put youtube ON even then it plays about 20 hours.- Camera is good.- Asthetics are good.- Charged in about 5 hours.- A great amoled display gives great experience.Cons- Low light camera is not good.- Little bit weighty.- Sometimes got heated while continuously playing game or videos.- fingerprint sensor is lil late.
Well, first of all, thanks Amazon for this fast delivery! Got it in time! Now, moving on to the phone itself, It fits well in the sub 15k budget range, giving you good performance, battery life, decent camera with a very good AMOLED Screen. Now, previously I have been using MI A1, which was also a very good mobile with Stock android, to be honest, I was a bit terrified to see Lockscreen ads in this device, however, update to android pie removed the issue. So, please update to android 9 just after getting the device. Fingerprint  is decent as well, I was having some trouble first, however now, it is good. Camera is very good as well. Atleast a notch higher than my previous experience! Images are crispy, good and have enough sharpness in them. However, low light imaging is not a very strong factor of this device. You will get ok photos in low light. Another reason I chose M30 was the big battery backup and it did not let me down. It sure is good, and lasts more than one day. So, if you are an average user, go for this device as it feels good and premium in your hands!
Worst Battery Backup!!! Raised a complaint regarding that and got fabulous response stating that Only 6 hrs battery backup..  Pls put your phone in Airplane Mode for battery backup ad described in product description.. No response from Samsung or Amazon. Great CUSTOMER SERVICE in resolving issues and proud be number one and and flaunt it everywhere..!! I took hard a decision that I shouldn't choose Amazon for anything or any cast.. Well done..!!
The Samsung Galaxy M30 has a gorgeous AMOLED screen and looks just awesome from the front. The front camera resides in a U-shaped notch, which is inconsequentially smaller than the V-shaped notch on the Galaxy M20 and M10.If you ask me, I quite like the software experience on the Galaxy M30, and it definitely gives M30 an edge over Xiaomi, Realme, and Vivo phones. And yes, unlike most phones in this segment, the Galaxy M30 can stream HD content from Netflix and Amazon Prime.Compared to the M20, the Galaxy M30 adds a third camera sensor to sweeten the pot. This extra unit is a depth sensor that makes the live focus mode so much better. I'm in love with this model.
Brought the phone for the promised camera quality. - The quality of wide angle photos are very poor. Poor low light photography. The photo quality is nothing like what they have shown in the sample.-Battery backup is very good.-Decent performance by the processor.-Display quality is Great.- Charing is not that fast. 1 hr 45min is not fast enough.
The Samsung M30 comes with a 6.40 inch touchscreen display and an aspect ratio of 19.5:9. This power packed device with a 5000 mAH supports fast charging and is powered by a 1.6 GHz octa-core Samsung Exynos 7904 processor that features 2 cores clicked at 1.8GHz and 6 cores clocked at 1.6Ghz and 4 GB RAM and 64 GB storage. This device runs on Android 8.1 Oreo and packs 3 rear cameras (13, 5 And 5 megapixel each) and a 16 megapixel front facing selfie camera for perfect selfie shots. In my personal opinion this phone is a win win when it comes to value of money and great features.
Camera is very bad, images taken from phone is very blur and color shades are very different from actuals. It's 16MP but very poor quality of pictures, even 12 MP photo is very good infort of 16MP camera Pic.Now a days our phone work as our camera and we use it for every work and never carry cameras, but I am disappointed with this product where I had spent 14k ok mobile.And very worst thing is I am not able to return as well on Amezone as it's new phone in market.Badly wasted my hard earn money.Dear friends, if you want good quality photos, then don't go for it.
Pros..Whats not?Triple cam with 1 telephotoHeres a hint download google cam v 4.4 it works perfectly and produces life like photos......Stock camera....cant say much......okay-ishBig pluspoint is the absolute beauty of the screen and amoled display along with the undying battery...... literally puts up a good fight against low battery and have to struggle to keep it running less than 24 hrs from 80 percentHeavy gaming.......checkHeavy browsing.........checkHeavy abuse.........checkNo portable charger.......checkAdventure with just 20 percent.......checkFast fingerprint.....checkFast face unlock ........checkTbh the only phone in this price range with ir face unlockGo for it........Cons....Heating slightly during fast charging onlyHeavy heating during processor intensive gaming like COD PUBG (at full specs)Camera gives an uncomfortable click while using gcam.....its the lenses focusingPlastic back and buttonsGlass camera lensNo camera bumpGorilla glass scratches at 6 with deeper grooves at 7(mohs hardness)300 mb of bloatware......nothing rooting cant fix.....samsung max is quite useful free vpn serviceSamsung widget is troublesomeRecommended.......Metal rubberised frameGorilla glass tempered glassAccessories like lenses etc depends on you....
Superb phone in all aspects only sound is little bit less if comapred with my ulefone armor 3 (also purchase from amazon on my other account). It is good sound is little bit less than ulefone but ulefone has tv like sound and 55k (now maybe prices dropped ) but yes i bought it coz my ulefone was 370 grm approx . This phone is light weight ,it has wonderful display (million times better than redmi note 7 pro ) Also it has many unique features . I am so happy that camera is fantastic. It beats my sony 21 mega pixel camera . I generally do not write any reviews but i am very happy . Just 2 days of usage . I don't know about dual volte but still it is amazing
Galaxy M30 has definitely turned up the heat in the Rs 15,000 category and is among the best buys in the category.The Galaxy M30 has its advantages (AMOLED display, HD streaming, software, battery, fast charging) and let downs (performance, primary rear camera, plastic body)Rating: 4 / 5ProsCrisp Super AMOLED displayVersatile triple rear camerasCapable selfie shooterGreat battery life with 15W fast chargingExcellent DisplaySupports HD streamingDedicated card slotConsPerformance isn’t best in classNot as attractive as phones with glass-sandwich designsOlder iteration of AndroidNo notification lightNot for heavy gamingNo case cover in the boxPlastic build
I liked everything (not overall) - 5 stars for that.I am not sure if this is a defect with particular handset, but my unit is defective. The audio is unclear, feels like there is a moving part inside near the ear piece (little tap gives you vibration inside.).Back panel is faded on top in a month's time. Not sure if this is a feature or a defect. Functioning of phone is not altered though.WORST of all is the return policy. I have been using Samsung Only phones for nearly a decade and I get this raw deal. When I try to return the phone (remember i paid for a quality handset not a defective one), i cannot proceed without providing details of a credit card, that I used overseas, 10 yrs ago and which has expired. Spoke to the customer service guy from SAMSUNG, who JUST said, go to a local store and get it repaired. Unless SAMSUNG proves me wrong with respect to their quality and UX, rest assured, will not buy another unit from SAMSUNG. I was interested to evaluste and gift one for my father who turns 80 this July as the phone is really good.I feel let down, for all the interest I showed in waiting for the auction and encouraging a new model and buying it. I feel I wasted my hard earned money. Please visit a store instead of buying from AMAZON, who also let me down with their 'insensitive/ impractical' policy for returns. Not the first time with Amazon though - may be my 'another chance' attitude needs refinement. THANK YOU.
Amazon delivered the mobile on time but it was hanging again and again. It was unresponsive when hanged, nothing happen, no switch off, no response from device. Finally I order for replacement, thanks to amazon for this great feature.Got second device within 2-3 days and it works great, no hangs. I think first was defective item delivered to me.Finally thanks to amazon
The most amazing feature of the phone is the screen and the display. The front camera notch is perfectly placed and it's very concised. The bezels are perfect. The battery life is ecstatic. I have played watched videos on YouTube for atleast an hour with only 7 percent of battery. Once I hadn't charged for almost 2 days and still with a lot of usage I still had 10 to 15 percent of battery charge left. The camera quality is amazing, both front and the back camera but the only drawback is that you have to compromise a little on the picture quality in a low light environment. Other than that the camera is great especially the wide angle picture quality is marvellous. The speed of the phone is actually great. Honestly, I have never experienced any lags so far, even while playing games like pubg which require a high processing speed. The design is the phone is literally jaw-dropping, that's the only way I can explain that. The fingerprint scanner works very well and it's fast roo but the only drawback is that your fingers should be quite clean. The user interface and the Dolby atmos feature is really good. ALL IN ALL SAMSUNG GALAXY M30 AT THIS PRICE SEGMENT IS A STEAL😉
After use I realized that I chose a very good phone and I dodon't know why people run to buy note 7 pro.
I got my hands on this handset a month back. I am not a fan of Samsung phones but thought to invest in it for the first time. The battery, camera(in daylights), Front camera, seems to be working fine and it's good for this price range. What I don't like is the touch sensibility, the sound delivery. The touch sensibility is not that great sometimes and the sound quality is very low especially when you are watching YouTube, Netflix etc. The voice reception during calls is good. There is no slow motion option in the camera section which is a little disappointing. I am not a big fan of games so did not bother much on that.  Overall a average phone in this price range.
After searching for an entire eternity, found this phone - Samsung Galaxy M30 and I couldn't believe the price! Thanks Samsung for looking out for fellows like me! Can you believe that you're getting 3X features  phone under 18K??The marvellous display caught my attention like no otherphone the Super AMOLED FHD+ Infinity U Display of this phone with a screen size of 16.21cm (6.4") gives you the best visuals ever, with vibrant colours and sharp contrast! And you can view all the content in HD as this phone is enabled with the widevine L1 feature.The juiced-up battery and fast charging features are like every tech lover's dream!Guys, let's face it - low battery is the most heart-breaking thing to see when you are out, This new phone is equipped with a 3X fast charging feature and it comes with a 15W charger., this phone runs on a 5000 mAh battery, so, binge-watch shows or play games on the go without worrying about your phone's battery getting exhausted.This smartphone is equipped with a 13MP + 5MP + 5MP Ultra Wide Triple Rear camera for a good angle of view.  just needed a camera like this to capture every moment of my life.
Samsung m30 is great, very premium looking and m series stands out from the previous models they have been coming up with like the j series, battery life is great, you can use it for two days straight on full charge I.e if you're not gaming intensively.. the processor is not that strong honestly, when you use too much of apps in the background you do notice a lag, the camera is awesome to play around with like the wide angle though the quality seem abit fuzzy as long as you're not doing professional print it's fine posting it on social media. The display is the most stunning feature for me SUPER AMOLED display with 5000mah battery.. seriously who will give you that in this price range.. over all it's a great phone.. I'm  glad I bought this phone.
This phone is a super value pruduct at such a price and its features and specs makke it price worthy. The finger print reader is real time quick, camera quality is excellent with its wider angle view perfect, added to it this phone has a superb screen view experience with super amoled view, the battery lasts long and no worries of charging the phone...i get 4 days of battery life with a single charge with calling and moderate use of data. gaming is super cool with this phone..uptil now the phone has not heated either during charging nor during gaming or movie viewing..it has a super battery saver with three modes and can make your phone work the entire day with a 10% battery charge..so all in all a real good deal at this price..watching movies in a 6.4 inch screen with full HD+ view alongwith total screen view is a wonder.....
Phone seems to be perfect whether its battery life performance. ABSOLUTELY  STUNNING!!! Screen is just awesome. The screen is that big that sometimes it gets difficult  to drop the notification  panel when you use it by one hand but but but no complaints. Phone with just 17000 range and with 6gb variant with 128gb storage you need to go for it. Worth every penny. Whether its listening  to music watching movies on Netflix.  It works great. Battery last for a complete day even if u keep mobile data on for whole day.I am heavy user still it last for whole one day. Go for it. CAMERA Quality  is also good dont worry.
Most probably, its not as fast as MI Note 7 Pro, but it works very well.I mainly use it for taking photographs when I do not carry DSLR or when I want to take landscape. It works well.Battery backup is awesome.I have found some Apps getting hanged or slow down, but then, I dont use them much. The ones I use, like Avia Video Player, YuuTube, IG, Twitter/facebook, they work very well and never crashed so far!I use jio SIM and use this phone as hotspot for my laptop. Last two days.Overall, I am very happy with this phone.Many said, it is a beautiful phone.
Pros:Powerful battery, Good front camera ,amoled display, smooth runningCons:Relatively less better back camera compared to note7pro,Cant play pubg more than 3 times in a row coz it heats a little bit.Buy it unless you are pubg addict except that it is stupendous in every aspect.Fingerprint is fast, face recognition works even when u close eyes which is a flaw and any one can open it if u r sleeping.
M30 some facing problems...👇👇 in 3 days use👉When Instagram photos zoom then screen moving problem👉Change screenshot methods do easy. Take a long screen shot👉android pie update need👉Night mode required👉Big screen. So difficult for 1 hand use👉Battery optimization👉Taskbar font size should be big(like time,network symbol👉App lock/mask app /secure folder👉Both camera need updates feature like bokah effect blur portrait mode and many more👉Change calling taskbar (hold ,record should be 1st near add call.👉In Message- send scheduled message and many more👉Add more watch face on always on display👉want a case and headphone in box boz paid 15k😒🙁😣👉Updates required every timeAnd add many more features via updatesI will hope this features added soon .
After using more than three months finally got Android pie update. Most of the problem has been resolved.Slow problem on basic mobile funtions are still there.Camera quality is superb. Battery life is awesome. Usually battery lasts for two days using heavy.No heating problem.Performance can be improved by future update.
Guys, Samsung days are gone now. Dont buy these phones.I bought this phone with alot of hassles because of sale event product. I bought  6/128 version.Some major issues with phone-Poor fingerprint reader.Bad camera quality.Phone has a lot of lag. Very slow screen transitions.App store problem, apps doesn't update even with auto update. I called and try to get it solved by customer care, tyey told me to format the device, due which i lost all data.Very slow phone. You literally have to wait for 5-10 seconds  after opening play store.what is the use of 6gb ram when ph is so slow.But only good thing is battery and large screen with no embazzle.THATS IT GUYS!! BUY MI POCO or used Oneplus instead you'll be far happier.Dont buy guys!! Samsung  is not able to give quality products now.
I love the fact first of all that Samsung is  very user friendly ...also  its a very budget friendly phone which gives you specs that are very efficient in a price that is affordable. The 5000 MAH battery is the biggest pull for me it lasts a good day half two days after extensive usage.The  phone is not a hybrid ..thank god!! it has  two sim slots as well as memory card slot which is very important because  if it were a hybrid it would mean it would come with some constraints as there would be one less slot...so I prefer it to be as it is as I can use both my SIM cards in the phone and have an extended storage capability which goes up to 512 GB . The cameras r ok as they r obviously cameras that r in budget I am still trying to figure them out....lol...What's most impressive in this phone for me is it's user friendliness and all the little Samsung apps that come along with it .....i didn't have to spend much time figuring stuff out and u can easily move stuff from Ur internal storage to Ur SD card if u wanna free up space  some many more things like fingerprint scanner face recognition......etc..... all in all it's value for money I have rotated around quiet a few mobile brands these last couple of years.....but I'm glad I'm back with Samsung ......🥰
This one truly stands apart from M10 or M20 with its amazing super amoled display and triple rear cameras. Its light weight and easy to hold. I received the Android Pie ONE UI update within 10 minutes of using it. The interface is smooth and performs really well. Samsung is doing a fine job to get back in the game with Redmi, Honor and Oppo!
Complete package at best price.Best features*Super Amoled display.*5000 Mah battery and runs 2 days.*Fast charging and 15W charger in the box.*triple camera with Wide angle, again simply awesome*No heating no lagging.*Fast face unlock* Safe - Very low radiation* easy button in notification for Blue light filter*have Lock screen story and stunning picturesFeedbackGaming expierence is not good. If you are professional with no interest in games then only go for it.
I like battery performance ,  display quality , design and In hand feeling , Samsung gives in M30 most every features and it's ONE UI makes it more cool looking device in its dark mode , I love it . But I don't like picture quality of camera and detailing so much I'm little disappointed here , meanwhile camera performance is pretty good in capturing pictures like shutter speed and HDR. In gaming performance is also very decent no lags I found playing PUBG, Asphalt , Smash It .so overall it's a Good phone for me.
I have used this phone almost a month and I find it best in this price bracket.@Speed: It is completely standing on expectation as it has 6 GB ram which makes all the process super fast.@Screen: Size of screen is perfect and resolution is good. For keep care of your eyes it also gives blue filter.@Battery Life: I really amazed and love this most, In simpler uses I charge the phone in 2 days. If you are fed up with your draining battery then this is perfect choice for you.@Camera Quality: There is three back camera which gives you opportunity to click wider frame. But quality of pic is not like S8 or S10.@Front Camera: Front camera is very powerful and will give you satisfactory photographs.@Charging: It comes with fast charger and get charged quickly.@Weight: Phone weight is ok and wont irritate you.@Built quality: Phone built quality is smooth but it is not robust as it is made of plastic.My verdict: Overall phone is value of money and this price point it is super worthy. Go for it. :-)
I've bought 4+64gb variant.  It is very good, but not perfect, as I imagined. The camera quality is amazing. Wide angle camera is epic!  But I was expecting manual exposure time in pro mode. No heating problem at all! Charging and battery is awesome! But it's face recognition is not that good. Fingerprint sensor give a very small delay, about half a sec. Screen is amazing with 1080p resolution. It also gives good performance while playing PUBG. I highly recommend this phone to those who are trying to buy a good budget phone.
Phone is good..but processor is lil bit slow... and rear camera picture is not up to the mark... auto brightness feature have some isse... no LED light.... overall I'm not happy with Samsung...Please prefer Redmi note 7 pro or real me 3 pro.plus point in this phone is super amoled display and battery....
The look and feel is ok. I liked the magnetic gradient black colour. Not so bezel less display. Color reproduction is good.Camera quality is mediocre and not so impressive.Overall an average phone. Most disappointing factor is over heating.  While using data, the display gets too hot, specifically near the ear piece area.  You can feel the heat in your ears if happened to attend call while browsing.This makes me think if I should have gone for other phones.After a week's use :Added one more star.Easy user interface, Smooth gaming, Smart apps, Processing Speed, Storage space, comfortable handling.Over heating, average camera, poor call quality, low speaker volume, Ear piece sound is broadcasted all around -Caution : ppl around can easily over hear what we hear.
Was eagerly waitin fr ds phn,12.00pm order kiya waitlist pr gya n nxt day phn ws deliverd , super fast delivry👌Features r amazin as described , battery life is amazin aram se 2 din chalta hThe only thing m nt satisfied abt is selfie camThough u get features bt it can't match wd my previous phn oppof3whch hd dual selfiecam along wd wide angle selfie mode, samsung shld hv provided tht feature here too along wd wide angle bck cam,Overall everythng is grt, satisfied wd price rnge
Camera - Poor picture Quality.Finger print censor not work quickly.All over  I am not happy  with this my old phone honor 7x is better than this. Average  product in new rapper. redme note 7 pro is best option  of this mob.
Its been week using this mobile and happy to have long lasing battery and nice camera. But extremely surprised that this phone has severe signal issue. I have compared lot of mobile phones around me and of different companies, i am going to approach customer service for the same. One of my friend is facing the same issue with the M30. Samsung has to address this issue.
I'm writing this review  after 3 days usage. This phone is really  awesome and value for money. Three days battery  still at 40% updated  all apps and used this phone these 3 days well. Camera is also good, back camera is not perfect but its average. No need to explain Samsung camera quality.The main thing is the display,  it is really  perfect. I love this phone.Cons:1. Slightly  heating while calling.2. Pubg works good but not suitable  for regular  games.3. Back camera set up no 4k recording
I have always been a Samsung user and am always appreciating Samsung for their amazing services.I was looking for a new device and I was very head bent on the Samsung M30 the day I saw it.I am using the 4 + 64GB version in blue and it works just so well!!I am very happy with my device and recommend it to everyone looking for something in the price range.The 50000 mAh battery is just so helpful and very rare in mobiles, with normal usage on Wifi I get upto 3 full days of battery backup!And also you can fully charge the phone with the fast charger from 0 to 100 in just 2-3 hrs!The features are just unlimited and the device feels actually premium to use.An added feature of Samsung is that the phone damage can be repaired almost anywhere you are and it won't even cost you much.Plus Samsung is both, durable and reliable, even with the 4GB RAM I can play games with a lot of clarity!The device also doesn't heat up!The screen is vivid and almost every setting can be customized very easily and effectively for every person.The Samsung in-built apps might seem like a burden, but if you turn off the notifications, they're really helpful in gaming and multitasking!I have never experienced any system error in this device, if I have got any, it is due to some error I made, for which I was helped by the Samsung online chat service step by step.Samsung phones also have many many in-built features like antivirus, automatic cache memory cleaner and device booster that improve the performance of the product.With smart view one can connect easily to almost any TV set for screen mirroring. And the camera quality is just so cool! I don't even need to search for wallpapers, I can easily just take out my phone, look for a scene I like and click!Whatever I say is less, this phone is a must buy!The best choice ever!!
Worst when it comes to image stabilisation. Indoor and low light photos are useless. Outdoor and brightly light room pics are decent. Battery is average. Camera app needs a lot of improvement - not sure how dual or triple camera works as you cannot adjust background after clicking photos whereas Nokia has that feature inbuilt as it snaps the reference of dual camera which holds the feature of adjusting background even after the photo is clicked.Made a wrong choice considering 15k price was expecting better camera performance.Other features are ok.
What the hell stuck in logo no more needed
Phone is very good considering its price range for a 6GB RAM and 128 GB internal memory. Camera is decent and its a great buy at this price point. No lagging or freezing. All seems great as of now.Amazon delivery was fast anf the product arrived decently packed and ahead of delivery schedule.Overall satisfied.
Well, Samsung m30 comes as a pleasant surprise from Samsung whose earlier budget smartphones were not that good. Battery life is where this phone beats every competition it has, it easily lasts 2 days on an average usage and on intensive usage it lasts 1.5 days. The fast charger is another advantage this phone has.The AMOLED screen is just a cherry on topAmazing screen clarity and that infinity U notch looks amazing.The triple camera setup is simply amazing for all the camera freaks.The phone ticks all the boxes since it has USB C-type but it doesn't miss out on a 3.5mm jack.The one UI is one of the smoothest and efficient UIs from Samsung.Dolby Atmos takes the headphone experience to another level.AMOLED helps to save a lot of battery.ConsThe plastic back doesn't feel as premium to hold onto and is a fingerprint magnet.You might need to install some third party apps for additional features that come as standard in Xiaomi aur Huawei devices.The speaker ks adequate but not as good as the competition.There are no lags in gaming and multi tasking but this phone doesn't fare as good as redmi note 7 pro in gaming and editing.The fingerprint reader is adequate and fast but the reader on Xiaomi devices is much faster
What I liked:The display is really nice..totally worth the money. The charging is also fast ..6 gb ram ensures it practically never hangs ( I dont game on it, just multitask basic things)What coud be better:The sound is not loud enough.Rear camera could have been 16mp instead of 13.16mp front camera is overkill if u ask me. ( I dont take selfies)Overall great bang for your buck! For general use and casual photography illhighly recommend this phone!
A great phone with features what i was looking out for. My needs wereGood batteryDedicated memory card slotDouble SIMReasonable camera for outdoors and selfies with friendsGood RAM and internal storageReasonably good processor.Good displayEase of use - good UISamsung Galaxy M30 ticked all my above requirements and is a great companion. I can down load as many apps without fear of space. I am not a gamer so processing speed is fine for my browsing requirement. Now upgraded to Android Pie. Very happy with the buy.
Battery 5000mAH : 5 Star(6.4-inch) FHD Super Amoled display : 5 StarMemory, Storage : 6GB RAM | 128GB : 5 StarCamera : 5 StarOr Kya chahiye??best smartphone at this rangeor last courier wale ki maa ki c****t, zero star,negative feedback.
If you are an average user and planning to buy a perfect phone for your daily use,then this is it!!! The 5000mah battery is exceptional.The AMOLED screen is a delight for eyes.But there are shortcomings.Software is just Oreo.The processor speed is just average and gamers would be disappointed.The camera also seems average.The placement of speakers at the bottom often let the sound get blocked by hand.The face lock opens with eyes closed.Despite all that,the phone is smooth and great for day to day usage.
Camera quality is not upto the mark like other brands have. Battery life they have mentioned first charging but i have tested it's fake not really first charging as usual Samsung provides charging facilities earlier. Look at Oneplus brands they are really awesome. I feel that I've wasted my money, if I could have used same money and buy other home materials my money would have been used for better products. Learnt a lesson 1st time purchased in online in my lifetime. Which is not gonna to happen again.
Overall, this is an ok ok purchase. Got it for 17999 (6 + 128 variant). Prior to this, I was using redmi 5 and I would say, my old phone outperforms this in some areas. The chipset in this phone is exynos, which is not exactly the best when others have snapdragon. The phone does not feature an IR blaster, nor the package includes any covers (something redmi phones at lesser price always do). The battery 5000 mAh Li-Poly, which is not exactly a power house and is comparable to 3300 or 4000 mAh li ion. Fingerprint is a little laggy when compared to other phones at the same price range and is slower than redmi 5 I bought an year ago.having said that, I still like the very Samsung features such as the LED display, voice quality and gradient design.
Fingerprint reader is not that promptTouch is very poor.Keypad not at all good.Many a times Speaker phone get started automatically on call arrival.Proximity censor is very bad.Background light doesn't come back soon.Battery life is OK..not like 5000MahFace recognition not upto mark specially in low lights.Touch is unexpectedly bad.
Awesome phone for this price range. Excellent screen resolution, single time charging lasts through the day for me. Fast charger comes with the pack with USB type c. Cool camera features.. Selfie camera doesn't flip the images, a tiny drawback.Great value for money. Thankful to Amazon for the quick and seamless delivery.
I bought this product on 27of March. This mobile is very bad . The all cameras are not working the camera is showing  WARNING  CAMERA FAILED. And get back we can't open the camera.  I bought this mobile for camera  only but camera is not working.  I want to tell you guys please don't buy Samsung products.the products made by Samsung is to much bad and quality is too much bad.and battery  is also not working good .5000mah is working  like 26mah battery. I request  to Samsung  company please don't made wrost product. We are not fool.
Pros:> Display is very cool. On par with flagship phones.> Battery life is great.> Camera quality is fair, comparing it with previous generation samsung phones.> Touch is very smooth. Much smoother than the competition redmi note 7 pro. And also a better display than the same.> fast charger is included in the box!> Widevine L1 certified, so you can watch shows and youtube videos in HD.> really good fast charging. Goes from 10 to 100 percent in 2 hours, and then lasts 2 days with moderate usage. Even a quick 10 minutes charge will help you keep your phone alive for the rest of your day.> triple camera setup with a wide angle lens for great landscape pictures.Cons> processor not powerful enough. Not a good choice for hardcore gamers. But you can play games on low quality.> night camera is okayish. Could have been better.> no 4k video, not even 60fps option in the videos, so there is no slowmo either.> Aspect ratio is a bit odd. Videos are slighty zoomed in on apps. Even instagram stories are slightly zoomed in to fit on screen. There must be a way to change it but I have yet to discover the setting.> No gorilla glass and polycarbonate back. Both sides are prone to scratches.But it if:You are a student and spend a lot of time on phone studying and taking notes.If you want to watch shows online and youtube in good quality.If you want a phone that lasts long (in terms of battery).Don't buy if you want a high-performance phone.Rating: 8/10. The phone is good for its price. You won't get this display at this price in any other phone. The battery and fast charging are a nice addition.
Its a good buy from Sam.Pls fit a real ambient light sensor as the vertual one is pathetic in my experience.Also why no Pie out of box ? , Because you want to update it later for the namesake and forget about Q ?SD660 or a better exynos would have been a much better option.SAM you are finally doing good , but you can do better and tale on the Chinies !
This phone is much better option for the people who don't play heavy games in their mobile phones. And This is a great package as you also getting super Amoled Display in this phone and processor of this device is much better than its lower model like M10 and M20. You also get fast charger with this and back of this device is great. You can surely go for this phone if you want a phone in 15k range. But if you will be able to spend 5k more then you can also go for higher models like A50 or Poco F1 etc.
The only thing you hate about this mobile is that, the slowness, you find slowness each every apps you open or even while using Google maps, I'm not pubg gamer, but I use Google maps a lot.Surely you will feel irritated when you are in hurry to open and use apps.Reg, battery life it is amazing, a non gamer will at least 24 hours of battery life.Camera is pretty good.Face unlock will be slow but faster than S9+ ( which I should not compare, since S series have been flagship models)Finger print is not disappointing.VERDICT : The SLOWNESS, is the biggest disappointment. However, the battery life is pretty compromising, you have HEATing issue when MOBILE DATA is ON.Let's hope this phone doesn't slows down after a year.
I m not getting  what I want don't buy it
Its the best budget phone if u want good display and long a battery life. The phone do have premium feel to it.The glastic is nice but it desires scratches.The processor does feel a little slow in everyday tasks. For pubg players I wouldn't recommend this phone.I am not happy about the front camera. It makes photos to soft and doll like.Finger print sensor has to very clean to detect your finger.Overall a good branded phone.
i Loved samsung mobiles since college time,Now i purchased Galaxy m30 on very first sale.The battery keeps draining very fast,I think 5000 mah is only a mark on it ,actually it is 2500-3000 mah only.In other features the phone is good,excellent camera, super display, smooth working.but battery backup is very bad,that is trademark of samsung , people always say no matter if if you have a samsuung phone having 10000 mah battery it would die till evening.
I have purchased this product last week. I received defect piece. After doing the initial setup when I try to see the preview of other wallpaper screen goes blank. I can see nothing on the screen. But I can hear the message and call ringtones but nothing on top of the screen. I did hard reboot, soft reboot still it didn't work. Samsung is good brand after spending so much recieving the defective piece is very disappointed. Please take care of this kind of issues they should have done thorough testing.
If you can keep your phone like a glass in hand then it is fine, otherwise it is very delicate and slippery. Back-cover is very glossy/slippery because of what it slips every now and then. Screen of my phone damaged in just one drop whereas all my previous phones dropped many times but screen never got damaged. I won't recommend anyone to buy it.
The name sounds like the name of some guns the Army uses. The camera is too good and shoots pictures like an automatic gun. Sharp, accurate and automatic mode is lovely. Too many phone features. Lots of customisation options. Overall a beautiful looking phone that is a great below Rs 15,000-/ without any competition. Just go for it. With every penny.
After using one month.Like1.LED display with punchy  coloring.2.5000mAH battery.It will come for 2 days.3.Wide angle camera4.Dolby sound  feature.5.processor speed is ok.6.No heating issueDislike1.Touch sensitivity  is less.Sometimes dropdown menu in browser  not accesible.2.Face recognition  speed is less3.No Led notification.4.Vibration of the motor is low.You wont feel the vibration.
M30 is not the best choice for game lovers...This has good s-amoled display and battery backup will b good if you restrict background running apps by using third party apps like greenify.There is no notification led blink lightPhone lags if you play games like pubgYou will not find network connectivity strength since I compared with jio at my home.. other phone has a signal of 80% but this M30 gave me signal of 50% ...Over all if you like watching HD 4k movies good for them..  game lovers better go for honor play
Great device! Smooth AF..........you need to disable the excessive bloat and you are good to go...........excellent option for those who are looking for a samsung device undrr 15k...Pros:1.Battery life- easily 13-14 hours of SOT.....yes u read that right........2.Once you use sAMOLED .....you will start disliking lcd........display is ridiculously good!3.Always on display4.Fast and Snappy5.Amazing front cam with excellent dynamic rangeCons:Nothing yet..
Samsung galaxy M30.The features in it are so cool and it is budget friendly phone.First of all,people see the performance of the phone.It has the exynos 7904 octa core processor,it makes the phone fast.With that processor you can experience the fast performance of the device.Its battery capacity is 5000mah which stands for 2days,from 0 to 100% it takes 2hrs 30min to charge.You can play PUBG without any lag.its graphics are set to medium.The thing i like in the phone is display which is SAMOLED.it supporst 1080p resolution.its body is so comfortable handy and thin.coming to the camera,i jus like the front camera as it is 16mp and captures good.rear camera has three lens 13mp 5mp 5mp it comes with 123 degrees wide angle.it does not have slow motion recording.coming to sound it is having one speaker at the bottom,you can experience dolby atmos through earphones.in the box,you get mobile phone,type c 15W charger,user guide,a pin.you dont get earphones.it would be great if they had provided type c earphones in the box.overall i give it 4stars
Super phone yaar and display is very good for eyes.Best part is display , but processor is ok for normal user. Battery life normal not as 5000 mah, but done its job well. C type charge and charge speed is good. Very light weight feel, and feel like cheap plastic used at back, camera is ok low light pic are good enough and better then poco f1.  Or kya display display display i love it .Who care for processor for gaming.
The quality of the screen is simply amazing. With 6 GB ram on top of it makes it better than 1+ . Best of all is the no cost EMI option. Must buy, don't wait.
 You can see the video of how the phone is behaving in just 3 weeks. Initially the phone used to go into Hold Mode while on a call and I assumed its the way i held the phone but today its not responding at all.Samsung doesnt have anything to troubleshoot the issue!Now I am sure, I will have to go and wait in the Stupid queue of a Service centre and waste more time.
i purchased the galaxy M30on 19th march sale and received the product on 23 march.mobile works fine for the 10 days after 10 days the back camera stop working.when i reached to the samsung service center they told me that the there is hardware problem and camera need to be replaced.if this problem with the new product then it shows the lack in the quality checks of the product.this type of the ignores  with such a brand is not acceptable.
Absolute best smartphone. If you are looking for a smartphone with a good battery backup life and thebest camera, you should definitely get Samsung M30. It has pretty good standby. The screen on timehas also been way beyond my expectations. It has 5000 mAh battery with a C type adapter in the boxwhich charges 3 times faster than any other phone. Have an impressive battery life which makes it aworthy investment. It takes around 40-45 mins to charge from 0-100%. Now, coming to the camera,which is quite amazing. 13+5+5MP Triple rear camera with f1.9 aperture, 2.2 wide angle, 2.2 flash | 16MP front camera with f2.0 aperture Impressiverear and front camera. Picture quality is satisfactory. I like its infinity V Display 16cm (6.4" full HD),Crystal clear resolution. Really Fast face unlock and finger print sensor. It is light in weight too. Phone'stouch is super smooth. It comes with a 4GB Ram and 64GB internal memory which is expandable up to512 GB. Also, phone has octa core processor with android Oreo version 8.1 This has by far been thebest phone I have ever used. Phone is great in all aspects. All in all it is a fair deal. You simply cannot go wrong with this phone. Go for it.
All things are good but the camera is the worst. The worst camera phone i ever seen. I think i have to go for mi but unfortui i chose these.
Phone performance ultimate, device have 5000 mah battery provide almost two day backup and because of fast charging mode never need to carry charger any more like others high backup phones, you need to plug only 1:30 hr. To get ready for next two days.with perfect cameras optimization, well in one word perfect make for young and active generation, one more thing face reading function also unexpectedly  grt like easily understanding in low light and outdoor/ sunlight also Wonderful hardware experience on this price,camera performance also a plus point of m30,  even I found better then other same range phone like MI and other, finger print sensor also perfectly point at back or easy to reach on one hand use too. definitely may go with if want a perfect hardware as speciality of Samsung at low price/rate.
It been only 3 weeks and the phone starts heating a lot . Please do not buy this product its waste of your money .I want replacement of my money , very disappointed from samsung , samsung loosing its brand value and as per my experience , samsung smartphone are worst in medium range category.
I have never written a product review but this phenomenal device made me do this. So, in a 14k mobile device, you expect "x" but this phone gives u 3x of everything that u wanted.Battery- trust me, i was skeptical about the 5k mah until i used it on day one. I am a Very heavy user (100-200 calls/day, Watsapp,office email,fb, Instagram etc till i go to bed) and 100% charge at 9am in mng reaches only 40% after 12-14 hr of usage.Camera-auto focus, front cam, depth etc. Works good. However, i found some pixelation at zoom. Not sure if m using it incorrectly or its a Device issue.Display- phenomenal, amazing Samsung is class apart from similar range competitive products. Supeb clarity and u notch makes it look premium.Gaming- ASPHALT 9 is working smooth. I didn't load many games but benchmark is asphalt so u can decide.Heating problem- not at charging, 30+ minute on ASPHALT makes u feel the warmth. Not bothering though.Processor- toggling between screens is smooth, machine response is great.sadly, no NFC.Will update review after 1 month of usage.
Pros:1. Display quite smooth and pleasing.2. Don't think about polycarbonate body, build is good.3. Batery backup as compare to 5k is ok.Corns:1. Don't get puzzled by youtube review, camera is just ok as it include AI, pixel is not clear but for social media it will do the job.2. Design i think samsung followed the trend and other brand. My first notch display phone, thought it's gonna be ok, but trust me it looks really odd.3. Speaker sound quality not good, not a bit loud, just a cheap sound like low budget phone.4. Main thing where it comes to PUBG? You wont enjoy the gaming with the frame drop in balanced mode with medium frame rate. Lag is effective , lol the design is poor they have kept the speakar gaap in the bottom side so u will face interruption while gaming, the grip won't go easy as it have headphone jack also in the bottom- left. Which will definitely make u feel odd while gaming in loudspeaker or headphone. Even after 7days of use it has started to lag in basic/normal graphics with medium fram rate.I am a Samsung lover, where as i won't recommend you to waste money on this brand. They don't deserve the frame anymore.Only thing i have now is regret after purchase M30.
It is really good phone , one of the best that I ever had, at attractive price range,  I am one of those people who do not want to change phones that often so for me priority is the long battery life and good memory storage. Both things are fulfilled. Also don't forget that it is Samsung so all in all great deal.
First of all ....I would like say  thank you ...to SAMSUNG TEAM .one who launch this amazing product at affordable price. And I would like say thank you for Amazon team ..for better customer support and well marketed. After a month of usage of SAMSUNG GALAXY M30 ,I feel very happyFirst the battery life is just amazing, and Amoled display truly impressive to you .and my kids really enjoyed lot to watch movies ,and Dobly sound system definitely impact your ears for its surround soundwhile you on riding and walking with ear phones .The Camera is much better than other phones of this segment .The software and its features like fingerprint sensor works very well .The UI is much more user oriented and easy to use .updates are truly worked to make your "second wife"(i.e Samung M30),😃. More efficient.Camera is really amazing, and Samsung Galaxy App is truly helpful for your needs.... The call quality and hardware of the phone is just amazing.Finally I would like say thank you for "JIO" for providing data offer ..for its launch .
Camara problems pic not clear
If you want to buy a smartphone in the range of Rs 15000 segment, then what are you waiting for  Samsung M30 is best for you.Features which I have experienced after using it..1. CameraRear camera is good if you do not use the wide angle.. Wide angle camera captures more thing but not so clearly.Front camera captures best selfies.2. ScreenScreen is excellent with adaptive brightness. And infinity U display looks sexy ans well as stunning.3. BatteryBattery life is powerful with 5000 mah.It lasts in 2 day. If you continuously use it over data browsing.Its charging completes in aprrox 1 hour and 30 minutes with the fast type C charger.4. Fingerprint scannerTo unlock your phone fingerprint scanner is bit slow.But face unlock is good as compared to fingerprint unlock.5. Storage, Ram and processor.As of my experience it is best processor i have ever used.. ram and rom are so good.. my phone doesn't lag in any condition.
I am writing this feedback after 25 days of usage, it's worst mobile, please  don't waste your money. 1. It will heat like anything unable to use for calling purpose. 2. Camera suddenly will drop out and it will open after restart. 3. Mobile too slippery.  As per my review it's not worth for money.
One of the best phone in budgetProcessor: I mostly use for browsing videos and onto and video editing never felt slow. not used for gaming so cannot comment how it is if used along with gaming.Camera: loved their wide lense. Face detection and focus is faster. Bother front and back cameras are food. Disappointing is where. Used full screen mode Pixel a settings go lower but image quality is good. In Low light also works decent.Lot of preloaded apps from Samsung makes irritating as I don't like that. Mo option to uninstall some. I love Google apps instead of the preloaded onesFloating chats of messengers is cool feature and dual window works well. Self optimization  of battery is good
I am not a fan of Samsung Phones, infact this is the first Samsung phone I am using for ever. But I'm really happy with the performance.1. The best part is the battery life, really amazing, it lasts for 2 days with moderate daily usage and if usage is minimal it even goes more than two and half days.2. Fast Speed - really amazing, with 6 GB RAM you can do anything real fast3. Storage - 128 GB is really awesome, I can store numerous photos and videos without a hitch4. Features - fingerprint scanner and face recognition is really good, I love face recognition5. Last but not the least, camera is really worth buying the phone, amazing photo quality for both front & rear cameras.In my view, it is perfect phone well within my pocket, thanks for saving several thousands.
Guys, i dont know m30 supposed to give battery backup for only maximum for one day alone though it is being used with 5000 mah battery ???  I have moderate use - No games etc and only youtube i see but this phone battery drain fast. The phone supposed to work best for 5000 mah battery by giving  more than a day with single charge but this phone doesn't go more than a day max.(Max 12 or 14 hours) . I believe this phone still not optimized for battery usage when you have Bluetooth and mobile data always on.. though you use very less usage, the battery drain very fast.. Rest of all, it is good phone compare to Redmi note 7 pro..  The big problem is, samsung is not a kind of company who give updates frequently.. so you have to live with this kind of phone for entire life. If you are fine with 12 to 14 hrs of battery backup and fine for recharge, then this is the only phone which can provide you the OLED display with fast charging and brand name as samsung.
I just picked up an amazing phone which is Samsung m30 and I'm so happy to make the right decision.Very good screen clarity, it looks very neat and appealing, Camera is very good, low light photography is excellent. Fingerprint sensor is fast and it has good speed which helps me switch between apps smoothly. Gaming on this phone is awesome and it doesn't lag while playing games like PUBG and NFS. The 5000mah battery helps me almost never run out of charge . The charger included with the phone charges my phone in a matter of minutes. The AMOLED display helps me see clearer images and lets me watch movies in high definition.The Dolby digital feature helps me listen to music in high quality sound with a beautiful infinity V cut display the phone looks better than anyone. I love it
International sims big issue. battery drains faster when you on roaming. They need to work on this sim lock issue ...I dont recommend this phone as we have new brands better user friendly phones with no sim lock issue.. I have raised this issue to Samsung hq and they are not ready to solve this and denies any help
I am writing this  after  using  the  phone  for several  days. The 6 GB ram model  is not  really  very fast,  battery  life  is also  average. The  biggest  problem  is that  the phone  comes  with  too much advertisement. Every time you  unlock  it you will have to  navigate through  whole  lot of ads before  you find your app. This  was  not  my experience  with  previous  Motorola  and redmi note phones. Only  thing I found  good  is display.  Even the  much touted  camera  is only  average  consider to note 7 pro. Considering the quantum of add they sent to  me every  day the  phone  should  priced around  10k only. I am totally  disappointed  with this  purchase. If you  gone through any review on you  tube  like  myself,  you will not find this kind of remark as they  are doing  only paid promotion only. So please think  twice  before buying  it. Redminote 7 pro is better  and cheaper  than  this as I saw the same  with  my friend.
No dought this phone is really really awesome if you want to purchase this phone plz dont take any dought in your mindBest thing in this mobile in this mobile its super amoled display and its so bright in sunny light.Camera is alos awesom and touch so smooth and no hanging problem.
Hey guys this is my first review I had used so many midrange smart phones but I didn't write a review for that mobiles first time I am writing  a review for this mobile . Samsung galaxy M30 it's amazing guys . Really fabulous performance  . Good camera , super screen , Dolby audio  is awesome . This A and M series of Samsung is going to play a vital role in the market. Go for it and you will see the difference  guys
After 1 month using reviewNice mobile, using very smooth, options comfortable, battery- very very power morning full charge using full time net,app,camera,calls after evening balance 39-40%Camera- camera night vision nice, day also nice but before I am using Sony c4 13mp camera very good quality now using m30 not satisfying compare to sony,but nice cameraDisplay-very niceCharger-good perfomanceMic -good observe voiceSpeaker- good soundSpeed- good performance
First of all i realy want to congratulate our SAMSUNG TEAMS  those who work behind this lovely launch of this product samsung galaxy m30.great job guyz.👏👏👏👍And now finally comes to..my review about this phone....Simply itz awesome at this price.Itz realy a competative one to other Android phones in our market.My Likes1.Battery back up awesome  realy  superb.no words about that.2.Display same feeling  no words.💕💕👌👌3.touch response was good.4.camera - front cam really superb for selfi.💕💕16mp.  Rear cam - wide angle  cam  also  superb.5.Fast charger  realy  perfect.superb.6.lock screen stories change our  mood. That also realy a  nice one.7.over all the phone design was gud.easy to handle.8.Device security systems  helps to maintain my phone healthy condition all time.9.Gaming experiance  was superb.10.Be frank actualy itz not a gaming phone but any way this realy want to share y bcz  it my review time about my phone.Samsung m30 have realy a gud well mannering game graphics  supports.Expectialy pubji game etc.i spend lot of time to play games.battery back up  realy helps me  stay back in games for a long time.My Dislike1.Rear  cam  was gud  but i ithink  it should be much more better.2.Don't have slow motionmainly this  one is a competative model launch by samsung.comparing to other android devices they  already provides slow motion and 4 k supported handset @ our current market below this  rate.Thatz all.  Over all itz a good handset.Don't waste your time...to think.just buy it and enjoy the real using experiance.💕💕Any way this is my review.Thank you.
Everything about the phone is great , it has cool features with makes it very satisfying.  Its been 2 months and I am still on this phone as its features and qualities makes me love it. Its 4GB Ram and its Exynos 7904 processor make Gaming experience so good I play both Mobile Legends and PUBG and the gaming is still great no lags, no interruptions very smooth, it's a great phone for gamers as it has got great battery life and it also changes real quick. The figureprint sensor are of great quality and it's very smooth and quick, it comes with another option to unlock the phone that is face identification which makes it easy for users to unlock their phone but the Face ID does not work at night. The camera of the phone are amazing the triple camera makes every pic so beautiful it's great for videography the videos that I took are quite steady and the front camera really enhances your every pic , it also come with many camera features with is really fun like the stickers and the live focus feature.  The battery life is amazing it takes least time to charge and has a long battery life I usually charge my phone once or twice a day, I am a gamer and the battery life really impressed me. The perfect phone with a low price , all the features that I need and I had it delivered in just one week thanks to Amazon. I like all the thing about this phone but It would have been better if the speaker was a bit louder and I wish it came with a phone case like Realme and earpiece. But really a satisfying phone and after the recent update my phone looks and feels really great. Satisfaction loaded .
I purchased the m30 gradation black in mid march and its been more than 3 months for me now using this phone as my primary device.Its a very good phone at this price.My 1st priority while buying a phone was the screen quality and m30 was the best at this price with a super amoled fhd+ display. The fingerprint reader can be improved a little bit and can make it a little faster while unlocking, though while setting up the fingerprint its super fast I have never seen so fast fingerprint setup in any other phones.Camera quality can also be improved more. I hope Samsung could provide any kind of image stabiliser  support in software in future updates. I liked the front camera(16mp) it takes awesome pics even in dark. U won't be even needing the front screen flash while taking pics from front camera.I also wish for having camera to api support as I can use Google camera then.When for software I have received the one ui update with android pie and it has improved a lot in the overall performance of the phone.I hate that Samsung has not provided any bixby home or any kind of bixby in the m30.Many other apps like goodlock also is not available for us m30 users. I hope Samsung fix this and provide us the bixby home, bixby voice, etc and such other more awesome features which us m30 users still can't experience even after getting the one ui update.Overall I am happy with using the galaxy m30. Just little more improvements from Samsung which I stated above can make this phone the best for the youth as myself.
I have been using this product since 1 month.Recently recieved update for android pie.1. BatteryI really love its battery . It lasts long and is convenient for long journeys. It supports fast charging as well as there is a fast charger in box . Others don't provide fast charger.2.ScreenIt is awesome and good for eyes health. But incase you break it, replacement will be costly.3.SoundDolby atoms and other sound adjustments makes it really awesome to play music through earphones.I don't use the speaker much. I felt it is good and enough sound is there.4.CameraAwesome cameras on both sides. Good clarity. But needs good light for perfect shots.Wide angle camera is practically useful but the clarity of the picture is really low.Live focus is really good.5. FingerprintIt's good but not as fast as other phones. That doesn't mean it is slow or unresponsive. Its bit slow that's it.6. Face identification.I don't use this feature so I can't comment on it.7. HeatingComparing to other phones, this phone does not heat much. While charging or continous usage,  it heats up little but that's just a usual thing.Processor speedI felt no lags till now. It is smooth and is performing well.And finally , it's SAMSUNG. Also the after sales services and customer support are really good.
Hi,after searching a lot for mid range mobile I came to know about M30 and I researched a lot and found this is best.Today I received this mobile within 24hrs of orderFor me 64GB ROM is enough as I have lap,and coming to mobile it is very fast,screen is ultimate,and video player automatically fits the videos into full display,i charged the mobile up to 91% and I used for 6hrs(videos,browsing,calls) and after 6hrs it fallen to 72% I haven't expected this sort of battery before.Phone is very smooth I felt like I am using S9 the only difference is back,,it is premium plastic that's it but it is very good if you go with back cover.Before I used coolpad and also vivo but believe me Samsung is best.... don't go with Chinese ,,,,in my opinion if you are looking for a wonderful phone in 15K just blindly place the order I am that much confident about that.Don't research more,just buy this in single line it is better than all Chinese brands...they will be today and go away t'mrw ..when I bought coolpad in 2k16 coolpad was everywhere,what about now????people don't even know that coolpad was there...so please go with Samsung....if you don't have PC or laptop I would recommend you to go with 128GB ROM else this is enough..I got 49.8Gb user space out of 64 Gb.Just buy this if you want value for money....!Thanks for your patience and don't forget to buy this,bye!
Pros1. DisplaySamsung galaxy m30 has super amoled display which is much better than an ips lcd display and it shows clours very addictive.. in the comparison of display this phone is such a nice choice.. super amoled display shows pure black colour..2. BatteryIt has a huge 5000 mah battery with which u can able to use approximately 1.5 days..3. Fast chargingIt supports 15 wts fast charging with this u can charge this device around 2hr 15 mins and u no need to buy fast charger. Samsung provides it in the box.4. 3.5 mm jackIt has 3.5 mm jack by which you able to connect your headphones easily.5.one uiSamsung gave oneui  update to m30 which is smooth and fast6.multi tasking and ram managementThis phone really amazing in multi tasking and as well as in ram management. A big thumps up from my side..Cons1.rear CameraIts rear camera performs average.. boke shots are really waste in this price range2. Front cameraFront camera performs gud, and it takes pretty much selfies which has stunning clarity3. Exynos 7904This mobile comes with exynos 7904 processor which is best in multi tasking but its really waste in heavy gaming.. it runs pubg smoothly in balanced graphics without any single lack..
Information ABOUT 'INDIAN SIM ONLY ' not mentioned in description. Got a call from sumsing a few min ago saying I have to use Indian SIM with roaming then there is a process to follow to get phone activated. Never occurred this situation with Xiaomi Redmi. Just saying. Won't be using Samsung.
Samsung Galaxy M30 is a best device in the segment. I've been using this phone for more than a couple of months and it is doing great. What I really find incredible is it's SAR value, which is lowest among many devices. The finger print reader is impulsive which unlock the device within  fraction of a second. The selfie camera is AI embedded which will detect the faces and do beautification of the image. The rear triple camera set is more than enough to capture spectacular images in different light conditions. The camera also provides wide angle capture option which is incredibly good. But it lacks slow motion capture. In summary the camera quality is sufficient enough and will get you some extraordinary pictures as sweet memories.The processor is speed enough to work with multiple apps and windows simultaneously without any glitches. The 4GB RAM is large enough for my working capacity.One important thing I really appreciate with this device is it's Spectacular SMOLED display and the smooth touch response. The display is competitive with any other higher segment phones.The battery life better for day to day operation. The 5000mAh battery is long lasting for more than 24 hours is usage.I arguably recommend this device over any other model in this price segment and one can buy this without a second thought.
M30 really feels a top class phone in gradation black colour. It is also lightweight. As far as camera it is good with triple camera setup. Battery is undoubtedly best part it goes 2 days with moderate ( without gaming) use and lasts a whole day with all the functions used. sAMOLED screen is rich with colors and touch response is good.  6+128 gb is the best varient. M30 is value for money phone
No issues Don't fall for the negative reviews. This is best at the price. People following red mi phones but this has bigger advantage. I will write only advantages and cons and feedbackAdvantage-Amoled display.-Always on display (I compromised but it's there)-5000 Mah battery and runs 2 days.-Fast charging and 15W charger in the box.-Wide angle camera is awsum.-No heating no lagging.-Face unlock is very fast.-Mainly look is stunning.....-Very low radiation-Blue light filter-Lock screen story and stunning pics.Cons-Little slippery in hand but trust me a 99 Rs cover solved it straight away.-Online availability.(Now in stock)-No splash proof (as per the other reviews as I am not going to test this anyway?Feedbackfeedback-People say camera but I find it's too good.-People say speaker. One in the bottom is loud and clear enough.-People compare with Mi but forget that China model with LCD display and 0.9 SAR value. M30 has SAR of 0.43After Using for 1 week-All well and amazing.-Working in Telcos with lost of calls phone still has 30% batt on second day. To add i have played game for 30 min and watched online movie for 3 hrs on Jio cinema along with hectic job schedule.
M changing my review & points aftr 1mnth of usage. As per the specifications phone is a class within itself with fine elegance & performance but its biggest problem is broken netwrk connectivity. Internet isnt working smooth n kps fluctuating. Same sim wrkng fine on other phone but in this phone it kps on buffering & cnt use internet if any emergency logging. Phone heats up evn fr a 5min call which too is one of its deficiency. Rest one cn buy this phone as its size, look, battery, camera n screen r upto d mark.
it is the best phone under 15000.Samsung's Galaxy M30 gets right into the mix with what it packs.Coming from the Galaxy M10 and M20, the Galaxy M30 slots right above the Galaxy M20 and packs in a gorgeous Super AMOLED display instead of LCD, a mammoth 5,000 mAh battery and triple rear cameras that certainly pack a punch and its fingerprint sensor works so quickly and also its face unlock is as fast as fingerprint sensor it iscertainly a great phone.Samsung's Galaxy M30 gets right into the mix with what it packs.Coming from the Galaxy M10 and M20, the Galaxy M30 slots right above the Galaxy M20 and packs in a gorgeous Super AMOLED display instead of LCD, a mammoth 5,000 mAh battery and triple rear cameras that certainly pack a punch. Device security system is good enough in this budget its fingerprint sensor and face unlock work so quickly. It's certainly a great phone.
It's alluring to see a triple camera, 5000mah, beautiful looking samsung device at this price but trust me , for battery go for Motorola OnePower , for camera have your choice but I will never recommend it.What's wrong?1. Though 6gb , usability it is neither smooth not even close to fast2. Camera is not extra ordinary, even a decent dual-cam give you the same3. Battery... Even my old Lenovo K8 Note is way better than M304. Most critical: frequently shows network issues or sim doesn't support. While Roaming with in the india it goes out of reach and so many times I have to restart or manually search .5. Anyways it's India specific mobile so may hv network issues.6. Got Android 9 update too but tons of issues as sometimes call log doesn't work & oftenly contacts hangs or doesn't show. Soln: restart everytimeConclusion: It's simply a waste of money as at way lower to this cost also way better handsets are available with descent performance & quality.Still wondering whether amazon/samsung can help in anyways???
You can see many negative reviews. But they are completely false. (May be competitor's doing them.. ) This is the best mobile one can buy in this price range, that too from a well known brand like Samsung. So don't fall for the negative reviews.Some pros that I would like to highlight:Finger print sensitivity is good.Display looks awesome.Performance is good.Battery capacity and charging speed is good.MOBILE LOOKS AWESOME IN OUR HANDS...!!Only con that I face with Samsung (Not particularly for this mobile, for all the Samsung mobiles) is that I feel your UI is not that much attractive as like that of the android's default one. Also I love dark mode. But I don't have option for that in Samsung.
A Samsung's new launched M30 Smart phone is very cool because of the Infinity U AMOLED Fhd + Display is looking very nice. 13 MP ultra - wide dual camera & a triple camera setup capture which is clearly so cool with one of the best photography & great selfies. One of best part is that the battery lasts long since it has massive 5000 mAh battery & also 3x Fast Charge.Advantage-Amoled display.-Always on display (I compromised but it's there)-5000 Mah battery and runs 2 days.-Fast charging and 15W charger in the box.-Wide angle camera is awsum.-No heating no lagging.-Face unlock is very fast.-Mainly look is stunning.....-Very low radiation-Blue light filter-Lock screen story and stunning pics.Cons-Need a Earphone for using feature for Dolby Atmos(awesome Feature.)Thanx Samsung
Camera :-Front camera - 16 mp but not AI besed so camera quality is not good , it's can't do your face beutyBack camera - 13mp +5mp +5mp ultra wild angle lenses  but hear is same problem there have no AI , blur edges detection is not good , No EIS  but manually mod is takane good photos & and it catches natural colors from an object Hear  I given 3 star from 5 starBattery :-5000 mAh battery is good , and it reduses max 2 day battery backupCharge :-Fast charging , it's completely take 4-4half an hour to full charge 0% -100%Display :-Display quality is best , u shape notch display , FHD support but Hera 1080fhd is not supportedDisplay protection : - Dragon tail glass is very weak if u don't use tempered glass , u can see meny scratch in your displayBack build :-Back build best but not strong , u can see scratch if u don't use back cover or back laminationGame :-Not good for gaming , special for highgrapc game if you play low graphics game it can run smoothlyRam / storage :-Ram management is good , storage is goodIn my opinion don't buy go for other mobile phone
Best buy...Camera...5/5Battery...5/5Fingerprint lock...5/5Don't fall for the negative reviews. This is best at the price. People following red mi phones but this has bigger advantage. I will write only advantages and cons and feedbackAdvantage-Amoled display.-Always on display (I compromised but it's there)-5000 Mah battery and runs 2 days.-Fast charging and 15W charger in the box.-Wide angle camera is awsum.-No heating no lagging.-Face unlock is very fast.-Mainly look is stunning.....-Very low radiation-Blue light filter-Lock screen story and stunning pics.Cons-Little slippery in hand but trust me a 99 Rs cover solved it straight away.-Online availability.(Now in stock)-No splash proof (as per the other reviews as I am not going to test this anyway?Feedbackfeedback-People say camera but I find it's too good.-People say speaker. One in the bottom is loud and clear enough.-People compare with Mi but forget that China model with LCD display and 0.9 SAR value. M30 has SAR of 0.43ace unlock...5/5Connectivity...5/5Video quality...5/5
When I bought mobile that mobile face charging issues ,then I replaced I got new m30 mobile ,and new mobile also faced software problem like  UI not working like that ,I want to return Samsung product and definitely  never buy any Samsung electronics,  because Samsung help centre also blaming like I was Amazon sold  defective product, so i will trust on Amazon because e replace that mobile within one day but Samsung selling very poor service and moboles
Master blaster.. the screen is the best in this segment. Immersive viewing experience. One can go on and on watching media in this device. And so is the battery. I personally get screen on time of more than 10hrs and still have 30% juice left. Amazon prime HD streaming..YouTube, music, light gaming, photo editing,social media.........the list continues. It's a pure bliss. I have faced no lag, haven't hanged even once in 3 months of usage and RAM management is impressive.Highly customisable, user friendly, dependable.The camera is okay,wide angle is fun and color reproduction is pretty good in proper lighting condition..Everything one can desire is present in M30.And the device is super light... I am HAPPY!!!
I had the confusion  to buy either m30 or note 7 pro...but my college is full with redmi users so I decided to take the road less travelled...and now joke is that every redmi user is regretting  their decision....I had less expectations from m30 due to the hype..but it exceeded  them and performs really well...honestly I have played pubg for an hour with any lag or frame drops and was still left with enough battery...so there you go
This is my first Samsung device and I loved it.From big 6.4-inch Super AMOLED display to gradation blue look, curved sides of the phone to rounded corners, giant super 5000mAh battery which last longer than you can imagine plus 15W charger help you stay away from the charger a lot longer than usual. Oh! did I forgot to mention about triple camera set up at the back and having a Samsung camera app which is very simple and easy to use. For selfie it has a small notch in the centre of the top, which houses the selfie camera.Very handy for day to day activities, performance to handle multitasking is really good. Notification setting for apps lets you not annoy any app unnecessarily. Initially it came up with Android 8.1 Oreo now upgraded to Android 9. Tweaking of display at your pleasure gave you a kinda comfort, very few preinstalled apps.This smartphone of Samsung has everything and that too at a very reasonable price. Last but not least, among my favorite handy gestures of this phone is its fingerprint scanner which let you pull the notification shade down, swipe up to close it and chats over video.
Pros1.Good Amoled screen2.Good camera3.good smartphone4. Good online on call support5. Overall value for moneyCons1.No cover in box2.Certain minor issues like the contact saving has less number of permissible  characters.3. No NFC and Casting feature with chromecast4 camera could have been better
Phone is not good bad display  camera is not good do not buy  M30 phonesM3o phone  is not good plz dont buy  this phone very poor performance  display  very poor
Great Phone with very advance features. Battery life is very long does not need to charge frequently and sound quality is the best. Display is superb performance is smooth. I like the camera feature as it gives clear and good quality pictures. Love this phone👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Great display: Super Amoled at low-priceGreat Battery: 5000mAh battery from Samsung for ist timeSmooth Software; Samsung experience is great and is improvingGreat Camera; Samsung image processing is awesome and this phone shows it.The bad thing is Processor; Exynos Processors are very slow... Performance is a little low.
i have always been a big fan of samsung brand but this time samsung has disappointed me with its samsung m30 camera quality. neither front camera which is 16 mp perform well nor back camera which is 13+5+5 perform well..apart from 3 cameras in m30, samsung could have give us single camera but with some good quality as its predecessor has, color combination of clicked images are too week..it work well in very good lightning conditions only.. i upgraded my samsung j5 2016 mobile with samsung m30, i was surprised to see that camera quality of that handset was far better than m30 even though j5 was only 5mp front camera and 13mp back camera but the quality of pictures clicked were amazing..here in m30 pics quality are not very clear and little blur effect is always showing after clicking the pics even face will not apper with all details, similarly detailing in picture is too weak, Samsung has disappointed me with m30..battery life is awesome and will last till 2 days, fingerprint sensor work quite well..only camera section needs a lot of improvement..will not suggest this handset to any camera lover..
Pros -Good battery .Very good display .Has USB-C portDedicated sd card slot with 2 sim slotsNo lags noticed on day to day use inspite of its very weak processor(I'm not a gamer though)I prefer plastic back over glass (more durable)Has Headphone Jack.Cons -Not a very good value for moneyBad choice for gamers.The chin of this phone is bigger than it is shown on the images.Camera is not goodFingerprint scanner is quite slow and often does not work.Face unlock is very badNo sterio speakersExperience UI sucks but one UI update made it a little better.Overall -If you want better performance, price, fingerprint scanner, camera, aesthetics, you'll be better off with redmi,  poco, realmeThe only advantages of this phone over other practically better options of this price range is the OLED display and a slightly bigger battery.  Other than that , I personally would not recommend this phone.
After one month of heavy usage.Pros-1. Super amoled display. (this is the reason i bought it)2. 5000mAh battery, it really lasts long.3. Camera quality is really good, rear camera works really well and selife cam is just awesome. (Just turn off the beauty mode)4. Fingerprint sensor is decent, not that fast but i guess OTA update can make it fast.5. Earphone output is really good plus the Dolby Atmos feature just makes the experience great. (EDM lover soo you can trust this)6. Always on display is a cool feature to use.7. Blue light filter works well.Cons-1. Processor is used is not from snapdragon but that's not an issue for me as exynos works well while heavy gaming also.2. Please say at this price point you can get many features in readmi and realme phones but they have annoying ads to and realme color OS just sucks and no amoled display.For me Samsung works best in class.If you're planning to buy just go for it."NO Ads"
Overall phone is smooth as butter ,battery life is amazing and the fast charging is impressive, it can charge 5% to 20% in just 15 minutes or lower if you enable the max power saving mode during the charging. Camera could have been better and really miss slow motion video recording which is not available in this ,apart from this screen colors are awsome super amoled is one of the feature which you can feel while seeing photos and videos , overall best budget phone without any lags or heating issues , runs smoothly and flawlessly.
I am a short mobile expert and sumsung m30 mobile onwer....i use this mobile last 1 month.i have no problem.there front "cemra quality"is really really very good quality.but rear camra not good,"bettry life" is also good but actual not fast charge,my mobile take 2hour above to full charge,screen is really very good compared to other phone,graphics touch all screen relateď very good,This not a gameing phone so game not work properly,all sumsung app icon not open fastly,Facelock not work fastly,"fingerprint reader" not work fastly but dosent metterYou got a branded phone in 15000  and aur what you want.because samsung is brand .or mi other phone are dustbin.previous phone is my mi.i used this phone last three year,his camra not working and not repair mi sarvice centar.i thing if you want to buy any phone 10000 to 20000.m series is very very very good.u want a middle phone .you can buy also m30.kyoki maine bhi yahi liya hai.
Awesome! Have been using it for more than a month now. No issues. Beautiful display, finger print sensor is good. I don't play games, so can't review the processor, but for my use it is perfect. You would love watching video on it because of display. It also has Dolby Atmos sound which is great. Only thing missing is gorilla glass protection. You will need to buy a tempered glass for it. Already got android pie update within a month of buying.
Likes :Display - i just love the display. Trust me, really this is the best display you will get in this segment.Battery - 5000mah full juice for entire day when mobile data is on.Performance - no lags till now. Not a heavy gamer.Os - even though it's Samsung os, it is not loaded with un necessary apps.Dislikes :Camera - it can be a bit better. Not up to the Mark.
This is quite honestly the most efficient smart phone in this price range for everyday use. Mid range smart phones these days offer a lot of features for their price point and focus a lot on camera specs but this phone does something different and is truly a game changer in Samsung's mid range department. For ppl wanting a daily driver that they can just charge once and forget about for the rest of the day, or maybe two days, this phone truly delivers on that aspect with a 5000mah mega battery life.Want to watch a movie on Netflix but taking out the laptop is too much work? This phone comes with an infinite super AMOLED display that gives you amazing range of Colors and true black on the screen so it's almost better than watching on average display laptops.The speakers work great.Android 9 update was recently pushed.With 6GBs of RAM and 128GB of storage, there's not much to worry about in terms of multitasking and application downloads.
Coming from a brand like Samsung, with so much promise in terms of feature and camera, thought this would be a game changer for Samsung. But the degradation in quality is very disappointing. Just for the shake of ticking all the boxes Samsung has gone into the wrong path by compromising the rmquality part.Pros:1. Display with adaptive brightness2. Camera3. Processing speed improved after recent updat4. Exterior look and buildCons:1. Fingerprint sensor2. Constantly I am receiving notifications on moisture cut up in my type c charging slot. It's frustrating since I can't charge my phone and that notification keep harassing me by not letting me charge my phone for 10-12 hrs3. 6 GB RAM and the phone works like 4GB RAM4. 5000 mah battery is just a bluff. It hardly lasts one day5. Connectivity issuesVerdict: Still the winner in this price segment as non of them focuses on quality
Been using it for a week now and i admit its a good phone for daily usage...1. The best thing about the Galaxy M30 is its battery.. On moderate use, i.e. internet browsing, playing music, watching videos, talktime etc. a fully charged phone lasts 2-3days..2. The single speaker at the bottom was better than expected with a hint of bass.3. Screen is vibrant and good display of colors.4. Major let down was the camera. Was expecting a lot for its triple camera functionality but the picture quality was below average specially at auto mode..Not for the enthusiastic but overall a good piece for the day-to-day usage..
The phone was amazing & for a selfie person the front camera is Amazing 😀 the 3 camera Feature which gives the back camera a good Focus, The phone is designed in an amazing way with face id and finger print and many more,battery is long lasting & can last for 2 days of medium usage , samoled FHD +display .I have chosen the blue colour Variant which has amazing display, this phone is Way better than my old phone. As it has it's best photography option in everymode we can edit the photos. 13+5+5MP triple rear camera with f1.9aperture 2.2wideangle , 2.2flash 16MP front camera with f20aperture . Memory ,storage of 128gb doesn't give a space issue and phone doesn’t hang as my Last phone . And it has a dual sim Samsung M30 is an amazing phone with amazing choice with lot of new adavance technique . As I have the m30 it is an amazing phone I recommend all to take this phone . Overall a recommendable phone with all features at a reasonable price.
Phone is so amazing .I just fell in love with the display .The Instagram stories ,movies,YouTube videos looks so amazing and feels great to watch in this amazing phone .The camera is so amazing with such wonderful features.I just played pubg game in my Samsung Galaxy M30 whole day but the battery power is so amazing it doesn't drains that quick .And the phone is so light to carry .It doesn't feel heavy like a stone .one of the best phone till now for sure especially after my upgrade. Im so so so happy! I wouldn't want to be without my phone even for a day.
Superb display quality, super amoled is excellent!!Desing is great, light weight and look and feel niceBattery nobody can beatCamera in daylight good smooth touch no lag in normal usageThis product has exceeded my expectation.Cons - difficult to locate finger print sensor but face unlock compensate for that, i hope Samsung will  provide an update soon  for android pie.i hope eis is provided soon for video recording.
About phone- This mobile is very nice to see because its U shape 6:4 inch  super amoled displayDisplay- the display of m30 is super .darkness and dynamic colour range is really good. I hope this display is best compare to another phonesBattery- the battery of m30's is really huge Samsung provide 5000 MAh huge capacity battery but notice that the battery's real capacity is 4900MAh.Processor-this phone run xyenos 7904. This processor is not best but better for multitasking and medium quality games .Fingerprint and face unlock- fingerprint lock and face unlock is a little bit of slow but finger print now a little bit of fast after 1st may's software updateCamera-the camera is really good but night mode options not used in this phone .
If you are looking for a better display, premium phone in a budget variant go for it..
The device has a amazing battery backup for the whole day if using continuously. The camera quality was up to good and it has a nice wide angle effect. It also had a good focus without using live focus option feature. I had high hopes for the battery which was successfully implemented and I love it. Fingerprint reader is up to mark and fast. Compareing it live to the s10+ was actually not a bad choice. Speaking of which, the 15w charger was a huge hit from my side because of its current battery life. One point to be noted was the inbox items has be upgraded as it requires an headset and case if possible. Lot of us who have bought this phone have expected that which wasn't provided.
It's been a month since I have bought this phone on Amazon. Delivery and service from Amazon was good. But this is the worst phone that I have bought. Apps keep on crashing, 4G connectivity poor on phone even where 4G connections are very good. I have never seen more than 2 bars of internet connectivity. If anyone looking for performance based phone I will never recommend this. Regret buying.
Writing review after using for 3weeks.Superfast fingerprint sensor, nice low light photography from front camera. Rear camera is also pretty much Good but wide angle shots quality is poor as it only uses 5MP camera for it. Portrait mode is also good. Super crystal clear selfies at outdoors. Battery life is good. SuperAmoled display makes viewing experience superb. Supports 5GHz WiFi transmission whereas M30 doesn'twhich is not mentioned in specifications. Faster processor no lag in opening any window.Lowest SAR value means lower radiation emission hence more safe.ConsRear cover looks classy much better than that shown in the photo but its plastic body hence catches scratches easily.Not received Android pie & Samsung one UI update whereas lower J series started receiving it however Samsung said they will update soon.Poor wide angle shots quality.
The phone has a massive 6.4 inch display with extremely small bezels and a dew drop camera. It is well built and the gradiation black colour is mesmerizing. The phone's 5000mAH has a great battery life that lasts well over a day. The fhd +sAMOLED display is really good. The rear and the front cameras do a good job in taking great photos . The ultra wide rear camera also does a great job in taking pictures of landscapes and nature. The exynos 7904 processor makes the device run smoothly with no lag. The device is also very responsive and has a good placement of the power and volume buttons.The drawbacks of this phone include a fingerprintreader that isn't really responsive , hopefully a software update can fix this . The device is also running only android oreo and hasn't received an update to pie.I rate this a phone a 7.5/10 as it is really worth the price
After 10 days the mobile stopped working. It's pretty slow. I think the problem is with the exynos processor.When submitted to the Service center, they told about the replacement of motherboard and charging port.I am worried that it's just 10 days and they may take away good parts from my mobile and replace the old ones which were working.
The Samsung Galaxy M30 is a brilliant phone which excels in day to day performance. The phone comes with a great set of specifications which makes it the best bang for the buck. The Samsung Galaxy M30 has a beautiful 6.4 inch display which is full HD. The tall aspect ratio of the phone makes it feel very comfortable in the hand. The phones gets the juice from its Exynos octa-core processor which is paired with 4 GB of RAM. It also has an inbuilt 64 GB of internal memory which can be further expanded via a microSD card. The phone runs the latest Android Pie 9.0 out of the box and has all the required sensors on the phone like the proximity and light sensors. The fingerprint scanner on the device is placed on the back of the phone which is convenient to use. The phone is also paired with a humongous 5000 mAh battery which would last the user for a full day with heavy usage. The triple camera setup on the back of the camera click great pictures in the normal day light. The night light photography on the phone is also decent. The phone comes with several camera features which capture the moments perfectly. Overall, the phone is a winner in all departments and is priced at a reasonable price bracket which provides a seamless experience to the user.
Got one of the worst product throgh Amazon. Worst packing I have ever seen. Half of the packet was wet, no air bobble wrapper, water droplets were on the screen of mobile and touch screen is showing erratic behavior. Not able to connect wifi, can't enter any alphabets.Requested for replacement but agent didn't give new phone and didn't take defective one.Talked to Amazon customer care several times but no one solve the proble. The bad piece is still with me and not able to return it.Never expected such a non-responsive support from Amazon.I just want to return the product and want my money back.
M30 screen resolution is simply awesome.  Samsung come up with it's best this time..Primary camera not much to tell but its good, front camera so nice.Battery is so good, best compare to all android.Overall good phone with superb brand & quality. Value for money.
The best model with the best specification of 6GB RAM and 128GB internal storage. Who thought you could actually get all this with a highly known brand like Samsung anytime soon? This is unbelievable and I'm so happy to pick this phone at the right time because one of my friend couldn't buy it during the short sale time. The best part about model is the camera and sound quality. Triple rear camera with the live focus makes you feel like a masterclass photographer and flaunt your skills on social media. And you can have the Dolby sound in the Bluetooth headset and earplugs while streaming your favourite movies on Netflix. Top it of, its battery never dies and the phone charges super fast.Touch is also smooth and fine. And the face lock recognition is also fast and secured. Phone is light weight, looks slim and I can carry it wherever I want without any hastle.
I have purchased it during flash sale. And luckily got it but believe me ..its been 2 months and the phone is running perfectly amazing.i have upgrated it to Android pie and it looks so great. You  can't get this kind of phone in budget of 15k. still not get bored with this  phone. Camera is amaging.. love the pro mode of this camera..and the battery life is actually good. You can continuously play games without connecting your charger..Charging is fast as it is described. Face recognition is ok ok but ither than that the ui is great. It doesn't hang.i have recommended to most of my friends.and also recomending you in budget of 15k.I hope it is helpful for you
Camera and display are good.Speaker volume is drawback but clarity is good.Battery is draining fastLow light photos are highlightWe can Use it for 1 yearLittle lagging noted.Over all 15k segment is okWhen compared with mi it stands 2 place no doubt.
SILKY TOUCH,GOOD FINGERPRINT SENSOR, GOOD CAMERA AND LAST BUT NOT THE LEAST BATTERY 5000 AMH.I PREVIOUSLY USED ASUS MAX WITH 5000 AMH MOBILE.BUT TOO EARLY TO REVIEW THIS MOBILE.I CAN SAY LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT. I READ THE REVIEW. I VERY OFTEN PLAY GAMES IN MOBILE.MY FAVORITE TIME PASS IS LISTENING MUSIC.
1. My experience with this device is beyond amazing, it is really beautiful, smooth and long lasting.2. The 5000 mAh battery is powerful with the Type C charging comparability. I once played Asphalt 9 for 30 minutes and this phone just went from 6% to 2%!3. There are NO OTHER PHONES with AMOLED display at this affordable price range.4. You might ask why would you want to buy it, let me answer. It doesn't have the best performance in this proce range but coming in with amazing features like AMOLED display and 5000 mAh and more, it gets more than balanced out.5. The triple camera setup makes for the best photos (I've included a few in this review) It has real time filters, real time stickers, live focus for portrait photography, wide angle lens and more!6. In this ₹10,000 to ₹15,000 price range, it is the best smartphone. Period.
Problems i m facing after 1 month-Its finger print is not working properly after 1st weekRear camera quality is averageSound is not so goodToch is ordinaryHanging a lotPubg ganeplay is badPros-screen quality is good and bigBattery life is excellentSelfie camera is niceOverall 3 stras out of 5Not good according to this price range
 I had following requirement from phone:1  Battery must last till night even after extreme usage . One charge / day.I have extremely usage of phone with continuous calls for at least 10 hrs a day. Continuous WhatsApp and mail is additional burden to phone battery. 2 hrs YouTube also.But I am able to run phone for 1 and half day.2. Fast charger within the Box . Charger is really quick .3. Camera result is awesome.  Wide angle camera is really really useful .4. AMOLED display is really attractive .
This is the Best phone I ever had!Picture quality, sound quality, face recognition is ultimate, even in total darkness also, it recognises me, which is very surprising for me.I enjoys watching movies, match, t.v., listening songs, playing games, clicking & posting photos, reading news, books or article on it.& Most important I can do my work on it, I can use Excel, Word also.It allows me to install a number of softwares easily, keep my data safe. Easy to use & handel.Battery is excellent. Continue use, remain till 30 to 32 hrs. Most important safe battery.Selfi Camera, Third camera, display is amazing. Amolded screen gives perfect view of everything.Tough mobile. Dark blue & black colour is unique.
I bought 6gb/128gb variant..worth every rupee ..camera quality is very good,battery after heavy usage stands for 2 days.fingerprint reader is fast compared to other phones..I didn't find any lags as I don't play games which cause other phones to heat but without any hitch..fast charging is available with 15w charger..amoled display best in class..Samsung released android pie and Samsung one ui update in just after a month of buying..Recently faced a problem water entered into phone and phone gave notification warning as 'moisture  detected' & refused to charge ..I waited for 2 days still was unable to charge as it kept showing the warning..so I went to nearby Samsung service center they resolved the issue within a hour under free warranty which comes with the phone..as always Samsung has good service compared to other brands..that's a huge plus
Everything is perfect. This is the best of Samsung phone that I have seen at this price.Fingerprint access works good and 100 marks for that and face recognition is also amazing. Front camera Battery runs for 2 days.Camera is awesome. And with scene optimizer, all your clicks becomes just amazing to view.Looks are great.Feels good to use.100% value for money.
If you are looking for a change of brand from Mi to Samsung it is a decent purchaseI had previously  used the Mi note 4 and it was a beast of a phone that I had used for 3 years.This phone has an amazing battery backup it might be the case since it is new later stages might change the resultThe build and finish feels pretty goodThe best part is the screen the amoled displayIf you are one of those who do not use your smartphone for gaming it is a good buyAnd for those who are in mobile gaming but the note 7 proThere are pretty frequent frame drops while playing pubg just for the sake of testing I downloaded pubgFor those who use there phones for binging the voice quality and the display won't let you downThe battery back ups amazing too last for more than a day supporting the displayFinally the phone has a good feel to it.Review might change overtime
This is the phone of my dreams at this price....way better than Redmi Note 7 Pro....in every manner even in performance if you had any doubts!!! I have the 6/128 GB variant and this launch, pop up and switch in less than the blink of an eye...! Battery backup is Ultimate...! 5 minute charge gaya it from 90 to 100% charge..!6.4 inch Super AmoLED FHD+ Display is gorgeous to look at!Camera is way too good at this price point and has a lot of features including Live Focus...!It has Dual SIM + Dedicated Memory Card and Dolby Atoms Sound while using good quality HeadphonesOverall...! It's way better than Red mi Note 7 Pro in every department...!!!
The best viewing experience under 20k. I know a lot of flak that this phone draws is because of its inferior processor. Yes it's not a Snapdragon processor, yes it's gaming performance is not great(if you consider high specs game like pubg or asphalt, also if you aren't prejudiced, you won't find it as bad as it is being conveyed), but the point is, should it be the deciding factor for you?  Again, it depends on you. One of the big chunk of information that people withhold is that normal to medium-high games hold well. Camera is again, don't expect a DSLR under 20k. Daylight photography won't disappoint. But the display, full hd+ super amoled viewing experience takes the cake. For me, being a casual, lazy gamer at best, this phone with it's best in class display makes sense. Also, I got it for around Rs 15500 with my Moto g4 plus for exchange.
Great Producthaving more featuresAlways on displayLock screen storiesAutomatic missed call reminderYouTube will be played even you locked your phoneYouTube is included in ultra power saving modeUltra power saving mode gives 5 days backup for batteryIn normal mode m30 gives 1 day 16 hours backup for battery.It has very powerful flash on screen for front cameraCharging time will be 2 hours 30 minutes.It has multi window facility means you can use 3 to 4 apps at a time.Fingerprint reader and face lock are really awesomeTwo sim slots are also having 4G VOLTE supportM30 IS SUPPORTED WITH DOLBY DIGITAL AUDIOApp can be minimised and along with you can start where you have left the app.If if the phone is locked you can wake up the mobile by double tapping on the screenAs you know it contains 6gb Ram and 128 GB internalThe speaker is very loud and crystal clear sound.It contains auto brightness alsoThe price is very very cheapU can have tw0 WhatsApp or Facebook accounts also
After Using for a Month , I am Writing this Review,ProsThe Super Amolex Display quality is just Awesome at this price Range and Its very pleasing to eyes.Coming to Camera, in Daylight and artificial light condition Back camera is Very good, Front Cam is Even better.Battery backup is pretty good. Along with very fast charging.It looks premium.Handles day to day tasks very easily.Ram Management is good.Its not loaded with 3rd party apps.Finger print sensor is fast.Dolby Digital Sound is good.ConsWhile calling the call screen comes after a couple of seconds lag, while all other apps open fast enough.Low light camera and Auto focus is not upto the mark. Image stabilisation is also not that good.Overall At 15k, Samsung has offered a very good phone.
Superb phone
I had an amazing experience with samsung being a first time user. I personally never liked samsung earlier but this product samsung m30 changed my perception totally. Beginning from the fingerprint sensor, camera, touch,  amoled display, battery life, everything is just point to perfection. Only the thing samsung can improve is the material of the case, but its not that big an issue. Overall I am happy with this product and I would  definitely suggest people buying it as it is worth the price. Getting perfect configurations at this price is worth a try. Thanks samsung. Last but not the least amazon can improve the packing of such expensive products. This is the only thing I was not satisfied with. Though the product I received was in proper condition but the packaging of amazon was not up to the mark. Thank you.
Using Samsung M30 for a month now. Did not have any issues until now. Handy phone with classy back cover.The Finger print reader is little slow but it works most of the time. Its placed a bit above than actual reach of finger. Camera is decent and works good in daylight.Pubg and other games work well.Best part is Battery backup. I am fully satisfied with this phone because its priced well.
The phone body is very fragile and delicate. It doesn’t give a premium look at all. Although the battery performance and camera is good, the fingerprint reader is not up to mark. For 16K there are much better options available.  To be honest one can find better phones at same price.
This phone is very much attractive as well as good looking.The camera results is very good.Focus mood and blur is very much clear.The system theme is awesome.This phone also having a latest processor so working of phone is very fast and smooth.Notch is very much attractive.This phone is awesome as well as phone battery is amazing.Battery backup is very long which is very useful.The notification style on display is also beautiful.The sound system of this phone is awesome.Phone is very much attractive due to less thickness.Phone is lighter so it can be easily maintain.Camera is a best part of phone because the different type of picture can click in single phone like blur picture, wide range picture, different filter, etc.
I am writing this review after using of 1 month.1. All performances other than camera especially rear camera is good.2. Battery life is is not too good but it's good.3. The front camera is not at all satisfying my expectations, brightness of the images are not fine.4. Performance look and battery life is satisfactory.5. RAM is pretty average.6. Overall a  Samsung galaxy lover's can buy it.
This is best at the price. People following red mi phones but this has bigger advantage. I will write only advantages and feedbackAdvantage-Amoled display.-Always on display (I compromised but it's there)-5000 Mah battery and runs 2 days.-Fast charging and 15W charger in the box.-Wide angle camera is awsum.-No heating no lagging.-Face unlock is very fast.-Mainly look is stunning.....-Very low radiation-Blue light filter-Lock screen story and stunning pics.Feedback-People say camera but I find it's too good.-People say speaker. One in the bottom is loud and clear enough.-People compare with Mi but forget that China model with LCD display and 0.9 SAR value. M30 has SAR of 0.43
Amazing battery life,  brilliant display,  average low/artificial light camera. Placement of finger print sensor little bit annoying, face recognition avg not as fast as one plus, this should have placed bit lower but ok. Overall  I'm satisfied with the device as I am not a gamer those who loves high end games can look for other device.
Great phone 4 this price great battery life superb display average sound doesn't having stereo sound only one drawback is that it doesn't have security folder like other Samsung phones if u r looking for a Samsung phone with security folder go for a50 otherwise great phone
This is the best you can get in this price range.-> The main highlight of this phone is the screen. It's super brite, sharp and the touch works super smooth.-> Its 4GB RAM makes it superfast and all the apps load in a flash. I haven't played any game on it, but some of my friends who use the same phone experience minimum or no lag while playing PUBG mobile or Asphalt 9.-> With decent use and keeping internet on all day, its 5000 mAh battery lasts entire day. With continuous media watching on weekends it lasts over 10-11 hours.-> 13MP main camera + 5MP live focus lens + 5MP wide angle camera on the back helps in clicking amazing pictures.  And 16MP front camera clicks amazing selfies.Overall it's a great phone that provides value for money.
Two word i would say is Top NotchI had order this on 1st June it arrived on 4th June it was working fine until 2 days after the the sound went completely off..it had a manufacturing defectThe speaker wasnt working...i forwarded my complaint to Amazon Technical support and did a great job sending in an immediate replacement the very next day by the sellerA completely new packed pieceWas very happy with the service the phone is a beast in small budgetLoving It..❤😗
1)THE DISPLAY:- This phone is really amazing specs with his super amoled display and the display quality is as same as Samsung's flagship like Galaxy S9 and S9+.2) SOFTWARE OPTIMIZATION:- Afer ONE UI update the software optimization is far better than the old software and it's feel more snapper.3) BATTERY:- The Battery life of this phone is boy O boy it's a marathon winner phone in battery life. You can easily complete 2 days of heavy usage with this phone.4) BUILT AND DESIGN:- The gradiant back Look more appealing than the normal plastic design. It has 5000 mAH battery but with this plastic design the phone is not so heavier. So the build and design is amazing.This are my points to buy Samajng galaxy M30,thank you 😊.
This is probably the worst phone in the market now. After a few days of use the phone stops charging. No it's not a battery issue. It's the very annoying 'moisture detected' issue. The phone had about 11% battery left. I plucked in the charger and 'moisture detected' message pops up. I was on a call with my client. after sometime the phone battery just died and didn't charge for 5 more hours. Faced a lot of heat from the client. Many others are also facing this issue.Never faced this kind of issue in any other phones. Had to buy a stand by phone. Looks Iike i lost my 15k on this phone.
Its been 1.5 months since i bought it and its screen got damaged in 1.2 months..i have to go to Samsung servife centre to repair it. Alongwith that it has serious serious network issues. It gives 200-400 kbs download speed at most whereas when i put my sim in MI phones its gives 1.5-2 mbs speed which price is half of its price, so much difference.I did all the tricks to make it fast but it cant go beyond it. I bought this phone because of the hype and Samsung brand but this is the worst phone I ever had.I should have bought Redmi instead (never faced such issues in Mi phone. I have multiole Mi phones. This phone is waste of money. Looks like Samsung compromised quality for reducing the price. Expected better from Samsung.  Never going to buy medium range Samsung phones.
Phone is recommended to buyBelow are the prons1. Very Good Camera2. Very Good battery life3. Screen Quality4. Build quality5. Network reception6. Dedicated memory along with two 4g sim7. Android 98. Samsung BrandFalloing Prons are prons1. Ram Management2. Ambient light sensor is not very responsive3. Software customizationOverall very good phone at this price point .. I am using this phone from last 2months and phone is working fine .. also recommended more than 10 of my family members and friends who bought the same..
"Samsung Galaxy M30 will be one of the first smartphones comes with triple camera in this 15000 to 20000 budget segment.Samsung Galaxy M30 is powered by a 1.6GHz octa-core Samsung Exynos 7904 processor that features 2 cores clocked at 1.8GHz and 6 cores clocked at 1.6GHz. It comes with 6GB of RAM.The Samsung Galaxy M30 runs Android 8.1 Oreo and is powered by a 5,000mAh battery.As far as the cameras are concerned, the Samsung Galaxy M30 on the rear has a 13-megapixel primary camera with an f/1.9 aperture; a second 5-megapixel camera with an f/2.2 aperture and a third 5-megapixel camera with an f/2.2 aperture. It sports a 16-megapixel camera on the front for selfies, with an f/2.0 aperture. This is great for someone who loves photography like me!Overall, the phone is very fast and you can switch apps fast, multitask with ease! Great phone for a student like me"
Samsung M30 have a fast fingerprint unlock, its wide angle and depth sensor also provide aBest pictures , its 16 mp selfie camera is more than just saying best because it is awesome  and you are gonna love to it. 5000 MAH battery provides a long lasting experience even on more powerconsumig apps. It is a complete powerhouse with big battery and 15W fast charger. And its recent update of android pie with one ui make it to be comparable to A30. Samoled display provides you a best video experience. I feel only one problem with its face unlock but I sure the problem will fix with future updates. Its eynox 7904 processor provides a lag free and high graphics game playing experience. So at last I as it belongs to M series it is for millenials.
Excellent product at that price but sometimes hanging but picture quality and camera very nice 👌
i bought a new smamsung m30 and i got a defective phone which dosent work. when i raised a complaint =regarding this the customer support says that they will check and do service if required. i need a replacement no questions asked. they came defective and not because of the usage.  i would say the customer support team is not understanding the situation, rather they are jus reading out the out the standard information that i have. y would u hesitate to give me a cash back when u have sold a defective phone . its clearly not my mistake and not mine. i want to raise  a complaint with legal team and escalte this as the customer support does not turn out to be helpfull.
Very Good mobile in this price range.Good battery lifeNice Camera. Very nice results both of pics & videosFinger print reader is seamless..Good GUIIn camera lock feature, you can list SOS contacts & Also add your medical history.. mentioning here so it will help people use it..Gradient black back cover looks nice..
Hi guys, M30🔥the best budget phone from SAMSUNG The main plus points are SAMLED display, Triple camera, nd the 5000mah battery.... now it comes with the new ONE UI built on android pie so its look good... nd the fingerprint reader(sensor) was really fast nd very secure... the Triple camera gives osm pic in wide angle nd in normal mode its also brings the best pic.... nd it is not a gaming mobile bt it performs really good I'm playing pubg mobile nd asphalt 9 nd some games in high settings nd the batteries that gives the osm battery life once you charged 100% we can play pubg continuously for 8hrs nd the battery withstands for 2dys 48hrs so if ur searching for the budget phone with a good brand then the SAMSUNG M30 is here for you M30🔥
I got this mobile a month back. Frequently not able to call even though mobile is showing full signal strength. When others trying to call my number, it shows busy/not-reachable most of the time. Rarely able to call others.  Disappointed with this Samsung M30. Whenever i try to call, it shows "Not registered on Network" message. I changed SIM card. But still seeing same issue. SIM works fine with other handset.it worked for 1st 15 days only. After that i started seeing the problem. Now only i confirmed that its not a SIM issue and only problem with Samsung M30 Mobile. Same inconsistency with mobile data network as well.Bad experience. I lost many important calls due to this issue. Started using New handset now :(
We are a traveling family and we have recently purchased Samsung M30 and had travelled to UAE and disgustingly we could not use the phone out there because the phone is not meant to be used outside India? If Samsung has to sell the phone with country lock enabled, do it, but the customer should be informed about the restrictions beforehand so that we as a customer can chose the right brand. We switched from Mi phone to Samsung thinking that Samsung is more user-friendly and will be beneficial for us.in terms of camera, the front camera is not really giving the right Image and really not meeting the expectation that we had from Samsung mid market phone.
This is the most honest and accurate review you will find.1.The phone looks Amazing the touch and hold feel is excellent.2 .Display, Sound quality is more than excellent.3.Battery doesn't get charge fast .it takes time even with the fast charger. And lasts upto 12hrs of continuous use on full charge .4.The phone has an heating issue .it warms up a bit.5.The 6gb ram isn't worth the feel .6.The Camera quality is just ok .For a camera guy or a selfie lover this phone is a big No !7.The build quality is good and worth spending 18k .
Excellent Product by Samsung for the range.The 4GB version is more than handy for normal use.I am not much of a gaming person or high end app user, and haven't faced any major issues as yet.The fingerprint reader is good.The camera quality is good but doesn't provide the expected image quality especially during low light.The Battery life is the best part. Comes in with  heavy duty battery and I happened to use it for more than 30 hours after watching couple of streaming movies, regular WhatsApp usage, calls and app usages.Overall  at the range this is an excellent piece. Worth a buy.
Excellent Fast charging battery and battery backup.Camera is ultimate.Screen touch is awesome.Overall, this is amazing.. mind blowing...Love u Amazon.  & Samsung.
Can decribe this product in a single word is AWESOME. It is really infinity. I got this product on 1st sale. Camera is very good. Battery backup is best we need to charge only once in  24 hrs after a lot of usage. Sensor is also good. It has a led display which is perfect. Mainly it has 6gb ram and 128 gb internal memory in this price. Thnxs to amazon for a great service for fastest delivery.
Its very short charging cable is a biggest Joke in Mobile History. Screen quality is good but you won't be delighted with this product.Don't think this is 5K mah batteryDon't buy
Samsung has shown an altogether new character with amazingly impressive M30 series phone. The fingerprint reader tightens the overall security but eases out the process. The 13 MP sensor, 5MP sensor along with the depth sensor for live focus actually give other a run for money to other camera phones.The 6.4 inch S amoled infinity U display with 5000mAh battery life makes it perfect for multimedia and gaming. Last but not the least, all this at a fantastically reasonable rate, workmanship of Samsung with made in India tag makes it an immediate BUY.
mobile looking very nice display also very very good sound clarity is very low battery backup is very good I am using some software but opening is a very fast I like it
I bought it on 9 march. And today its 3 april. And camera is filled with dust. As u can see in the image. Worst experience. Go for some other device.
I had buy this phone after comparing a lot with other phone.. The main reason of buying this phone is the SAR value of phone. I was afraid of buying as i was buying it online first time. But it came safe.Samsung M30 is a wonderfull phone in 15000/-. I'm using it from last 12 days, its so wonderful, i like its design, slim and beautifull.Wonderfull camera's, unbelievable battery backup, awsome infinity display. Speaker sound is also better and loud then other samsung phones. This phone gives more in such a low price I'm really shock!. I would recommend to buy this perfect phone..
After using one week i found the following problems in the phone:Camera quality is too bad, especially in the low light it is too worstThere is no vibration intensity, you won't notice even your phone is ringingYou can't forward your messages to your recent contacts, there is no option at allCall ending button is not working properly, you need press twice or thrice to end the callLook wise is also, it is not that much good, it look alike a cheaper phone when you hold on your hand.Though the configuration sounds great, it is actually a low end phoneBetter don't buy this phone, it is completely waste of money
The phone is absolutely amazing 🤩. The display of the phone has a great roll between the user and the mobile. The one thing which i fond a bit awkward is the back of the phone,it’s so boring with a plastic kind of finishing. Apart from that, this phone is fine at this price.i fond no problems on the ram management of the device,performs smoothly,even much more smoother with the new update of the android pie especially. Camera is far better than I expected, with fantastic portrait modes & so on. The 5000mah battery plays an important role especially in case of the optimisation the device is capable of optimising the battery very well.
Everything is fine there are some pros and cons as well .Pros includes it battery life and fast charging, display is amazing, network connectivity is good.Cons include like sometimes it lacks ,heating while charging but not always.
The phone is smooth...You cant compare it display with any other phone at this price point..Fingerprint scanner in good...face recognition dont work when eyes are closed..And ofcourse one can play pubg on this device...pubg play doesnt offer those high settings but when you compare another device with same settings the there is clear day light..I mean it looks better on M30..All in all its agreat phone...With best battery backup...2 hours of pubg play only consumes about 25pecents of battery...so its a great phone..
The phone looks great and build quality is good. So far I couldn't get good photos out of it, not sure if the problem is with settings or the camera itself though I used default settings. Another problem I have been experiencing is the phone hangs sometimes,  it just doesn't respond to touch. after upgrading to Pie the frequency of phone hangs reduced but it occurs occasionally.
Bad Speaker quality 2/5Performance 2/5Display 4/5Camera 3/5Slow device as compared to rival note 7 pro
I just picked up an amazing phone which is Samsung m30 and I'm so happy to make the right decision.Talking about this phone, this comes with great battery life and I can strem all my favourite songs and play games without worrying that it may go off. The camera is very good, captures great pics doesn't let me down. My friends take my phone and go on clicking selfies. I already have 400 plus photos in my gallery. The storage capacity is not a worry either, thanks to the 128gb varient.The display is really very good. Everything so bright and nice. It is not at all heavy and the gaming performance is great. I'm loving it!
Excellent smartphone. This is my no.4 smart phone and this last one has been bought from online. In one word just awasome  super amoled display. And camera quality. Very fast running. Speaker sound is so enough and good. Before buy it at this price I examine oppo f11 f9 and vivo but no company beating Samsung M30 model.
Cons:1.It has good number of sensors.2.has u infinity display with sAMOLED display.3. Fast charging and battery drains slowly4.has triple camera. Pros:1.camera quality is not good.2.face recognition doesn't work in low light.3. Main camera settings have very less functions.4. Out of 4 GB RAM only 1.3 GB is for extra user only.
Its camera is good...Its speaker is very bad if you are music listener  then you should not buy this phone...Its software is also very faults like...There are not any system app for privacy, music player or other important apps...This phone not shows network speed...and daily use data...Its software is also not good at that price range....PUBG is not completely working...It is good there type-C charging but it is not fast charger it takes approx 3 hours to full charging...Its battery is also average ....Screen quality is good...BUT PLEASE NOT PURCHASE if you are music listener...its speaker is slow and sound quality is very bad
 Phone is malfunctioning and defective. Goes for restart infinitely and takes more than 2 hours. Experienced it 4 times in one day. Disappointed with the product. Either replace or refund !!Just spoke with an executive (I was called back from support team) and she wasn’t of much help .. issue critical and I am told technician would only visit on Friday (after 2 days of reporting the issue) to troubleshoot the problem, post which they will raise report and decide on the phone replacement !Very disappointed and didn’t expect this kind of service from Amazon !!
Though they have mentioned 6 gb RAM...but.it didn't work as 2 gb RAM phone..lots of hang problem ....even you can't open 2 pages simultaneously...my old phone mi 4 with 4gb RAM phone was far much better than this bakwas phone...even my mi 4 is still working perfectly never hang...just it doesn't have triple slot that's why i switch over this ghatiya quality phone...low camera quality...low finger print scanner...face recognition is totally dumb....even i bought it with 128 gb internal memory still it hangs a lot...i wasted my money...prefer to buy redmi phone or oneplusT phone..
The device is not tallying with the advertisements Samsung boasted about. Charging takes time,  waive palm For photo do not engage and many more flaws.  Vivo or ippo are better at this rate
I got the defective piece. It stopped working within 6 hrs. Screen gone blank & dead...not Responding at all. Within that short period of use, the fingerprint reader was not quick. The quality of the pictures taken was below average. I don't want to talk about battery life as it lasted only 6 hrs. Contacted Amazon customercare for return & replacement, for which they agreed. After a day, they said that only refund can be made once the phone is returned. I returned the phone & got the money back. Worst experience.
This phone has bug I believe. It's slow and shuts down while using. This is expected from a technical perspective but the way amazon taking care of my issue is very disappointing. To solve my problem they're asking to reset my phone!!! Are you kidding me? Brand new phone first time usage it's giving problem and how can you ask this!!!! Even if it works it'll give problem in the near future. Very disappointed with amazon than this product.Also I contacted their customer care via online as I'm out of India and they say their technical team is not available now. I'll have to call at 8am. This is my day one story.
It's a budget branded mobile.  I am happy with purchase. Sharing my experience after one day use will keep update my review after this week to help you.Pros :-Budget phoneSamsung brandMassive batteryGood build up and good screenGood RAM 6 GB AND ROM 128CONS :-AVERAGE CAMERALITTLE HEAT UP  issueAfter using almost 20 days o am still happy to make my decision about M30
Proximity Sensor not working. Amazon not returning the product.
4 Star...Only Beacuse of Bad Packaging, Even Not place a bubble wrap Around the Phone's only Box.( Having Nothing than Offical Packeging from Samsung) Too Bad.Besides Packing, everything Else is Great.One of the best phones in this price segment.Likes about Phone: Superb Display, Nice Audio, Good Looks, Very Good Camera.Extra Ordinary Battery Life.The Prosseser could be better (But not that bad either) No Issue in daily Usage , But you can find performance little laggy with heavy usage..
Display is awesome 5/5Camera is good as priceBattery life 2 daysFace unlock and finger print sensore are fast as a eye blinkBut sometimes toches at two places don't workRecommended to buy with no fearI choose this as compare to A50 because A50 has screen touch unlock that is not fast as rear finger print scannerThis phone is awesome
I'm been using this product for a month now.What's quite surprising is, after clicking nearly 100 images, I see only 1image in the gallery. I checked it everywhere, including file manager but the images just vanish. Secondly, can anyone tell me the lifetime of the battery. I use WhatsApp insta almost all day.. and the battery dies till the end of the day. Ain't it supposed to last for 2-4days without charge ?Thirdly, when I open the camera, I see a black display which comes n goes quite often.Dont feel the worth of this product after paying 18k. What's the process of exchange after a month ?
The Samsung Galaxy M30 has a gorgeous AMOLED screen and looks just awesome from the front. The front camera resides in a U-shaped notch, which is inconsequentially smaller than most of the phones out there in the market. Morever it adds a gradient finish to spice things up. Galaxy M30 is super comfortable to wield. The battery backup on the Galaxy M30 is excellent. The phone can easily last for a day of heavy usage, it supports fast charging -and- Samsung also bundles a fast charger in the box. Also its weight is so less that when I carry it in my jeans, I hardly feel that its a phone which is the most important thing for a college student like me. I love it.
Excellent phone. Huge battery life, stands for one full day with continuous use. For camera I'll give 3/5, not poor nor excellent. SAMOLED Display scores outstanding. Crystal clear. I worried about camera performance before buying, but I'm satisfied(not gaming user). The main reason for buying Samsung is to avoid Chinese product. And also this is Indian make. Very much satisfied. Premium look. Notification LED not available, that's the one disadvantage. Unable to use/ save memory card storage for WhatsApp/WPS office, this is another disadvantage. Overall satisfied.
The battery life is amazingliy great ... I love phone which has amazing battery and when I saw that m30 has 5000 mah battery without a second thought I purchased ... I also took the #daretodrain challlenge but I couldn't drain more than 20 % ... I have recommended many frnds this phone ... camera is also amazing I am a youtube and shooting everything from this phone ... The photos and videos are just fab ... Also I had trust only on samsung ... my last fone was galaxynote 5 still Ican swear by on samsung ... keep it up ...
Camera quality is not good. If you are looking for good camera then don’t go for this phone.Display I expected to be very good but I am disappointed with its display qualitySome issue with proximity sensor. You can google it on thisI haven’t played any high end games on this so can’t comment on speed performance.Overall it’s an average phone, not the best phone.If you need just smart phone with good memory and battery then go for it else you have many other options
Finger print works very slow, face recognition works too slow, system is very slow when compared to the previous phone which I was using Redmi note 4. Too many apps missing like inbuilt scanner, inbuilt applock, screenshot option, brightness automatically doesn't work properly, Even the phone calling options is too slow, while disconnecting also very slow. Feeling pathetic to change my phone. Only good feature liked was camera.
The only problem i see is heating. It gets heated even for a basic use i.e. is on calls. 15 mins in call and the phone upperside will heat up so badly that it will be difficult to continue using the phone. Its so damn uncomfortable and dangerous. This appears to be a flaw in the handset which Samsung doesnt agree to. I am trying to return my phone but its just too difficult for us to make these big companies realise that even Indians expect quality product. Its high time they start doing this.
I would buy this phone over and over the redmi note 7 pro because of its cool feauturesPubg runs pretty well. Face recognition is okay but a littile slow at night. Fingerprint reader is not good. The design of the body is really great. You won't feel that it is a plastic body. I would recommend a case and tempered glass protector. The sAmoled display is really great and is must for people like me who watch a lot of videos on their phones. The ultrawide really came in handy. The primary camera is omay but not that great under bad lighting.
Awesome product. Camera is too good. NYC look and design
The screen is great and has a great picture quality to view videos and for games. Camera gives you a soft feel and takes amazing photographs.With the wide angle mode available in the new Samsung M30 my reach as a photographer got elevated.Now I can easily shoot an action camera equivalent videos with a greater ease of device handling ability.And the long battery is great too, don't have to charge for the entire day which Im sure is a problem that most of my college friends face. Talking about one of my favourite game - PUBG runs so smooth, I've beaten so many friends and I'm sure my rank will go up each day, I feel I'm on cloud nine.
When i heard that samsung was launching a budget phone, I got very excited about it. When i researched about the phone, I got to know the features phone which is mind blowing. The quality of the phone is premium. The battery life is top noch. With a battery of 5000 maH charge, it will get you through the day and still have charge left for a lot of gaming. The processor of the phone backs the gamer in you. It is very fast processor which makes your gaming experience smoother and very better. The camera and the display of the phone has no review at all because it is the best in the market. The phone can handle any stress. It feels like a premium phone.
I didn't like it al..there is no slow motion and time lapse option in video recording. Even they don't give you app lock option in setting like other samsung phones gives you lock and mask option to lock your apps. They don't give you a secure folder options too. In this samsung m30....company only concentrate on camera....forget abot other functions.
Dears don't compare it with MI note 7 pro...MI-there is no fast charger inside the box! but M30 has :) (original fast charger costs 1100.00 rupees so it equates the product price)MI-there is no super AMOLED display!  But M30 hasMI-4000mAH battery! But M30 has 5000mAH.if u r comparing camera means just go and read MI7 pro buyer reviews.MI dont have dedicated MC slot... but it hasmyself major cons is the processor.Finally, blindly go for Samsung.
As usual samsung products... only in advertisement the camera quality, battery backup, display everything looks better.once you buy the product it will be another worthless Chinese product. Very poor camera quality, battery life is not at all good. the people who gave review as good are paid users i guess. Trust me guys never go for samsung products.. they just want to compete in market saying like we are also brand . by wasting or using customers money nicely
Camera quality is good.. A little bit struggle in using fingerprint sensor.. Toooooo much ads in this UI, different songs and videos keep running in background.. Accelerometer is also a problem,, when i watch videos on TikTok there is something like glitch, , that is very annoying and the biggest problem is network,, i have jio sim,, network tower and speed is very low compared to my brothers honor 7x(1.5 year older than this brand new phone),,,speed is that low that sometime i get irritated.. Build quality and screen is very good..I hope samsung solve these problems in next update...
hey I am using this Samsung m30 mobile since  2 months, I love this phone.likes- good battery backup, camera is very good for me, Samsung UI is so good when you unlock this phone and using you feel .....just awesomeperformance- after daily use I am very heavy user, this mobile is never disappoint me.I play more heavy games and use selfi and pics  calling , some homework , YouTube ....all performances is very good.dislikes- in low light condition some pics are not good in comparison to ligh conditioncharging data cable is very small, not back cover not earphones
Great battery life and great display but sadly badly still runs on ANROID OREO 8 out of the box and SAMSUNG IS very time consuming for new update
What a worthy product for very lowest market price...User friendly, camera clarity both front and back marvelous, battery life extraordinary it was coming 2 days even full day using internetSongs and video sound effects amazing with Dolby atmasBrowsing  speed great no ganging like previous modelsOverall very very worthy product the same features other brand mobile prices starting 32000 to 55000So I preferred my friends and colleagues to buying this product
Hi friends, This is first time Samsung is giving nice product for reasonable price.Pros: Display, face recognition, fingerprint, performance, no ads in OS, above average camera, selfie camera, 5000mAh battery, fast charger included, SAR valur good compared to chinese mobiles, good pricing, decent camera.Cons: Finger print sensor is a bit at a height for people with small hands. But comfortable for adults.Remarks: Better than redmi and nokia phones. I purchased it after one and half months research
Pros-Worried about carrying portable charger and power banks while traveling. This phone provides 5000mAh battery, still keeping the phone light weighted. The triple camera is just fine in image quality. Photo capturing is fast. Performance is fineConsHeating issues for exynos processor and some lag in speed.Better to go for snapdragon phones like samsung M40
No issues with camera, battery and display. Totally happy with those but the processor is slow AF. The phone is getting slower each day to a point where it takes around 5sec to receive a call. You cannot play PUBG properly. It's playable under low graphics that too provides low fps. Fingerprint reader got very slow now.. I don't even remember that there is a option of face unlock. Earlier it was working fine but now it takes more than 5-6 sec to unlock. DON'T BUY IT GUYS. I am trying to exchange with some other phone but Amazon has not added this phone in their exchange phones list
The product meets all my expectations and it is flawless and smooth till now. It has excellent and improved UI with a huge battery. The camera quality under this budget range is good. The overall performance could compete with all these Chinese brands. It is slightly different from Samsung Galaxy A series and it got the latest Android P update too.
Display 10 out of 10Battery 10 out of 10No hanging  issuesCameras 8 out of 10Slight heating issue  but manageableFast charging 9 out of 10Customized settings 10 out of 10Notch lovelySlim and stylishFinger prints scanning little bit slowOver all  fully  satisfied
Its quite slow. To share an image it takes time to show options like whatsapp, mail, bluetooth etc etc. Not expected in a 4gb phone. I have used only 37% of internal storage and there is ample storage available so there should not be any reason for slow performance. Also sometime Apps are not functioning properly. The same App with same account and same broadband connection is working properly on another brand phone but doesn't work properly in Samsung M30. Camera quality is just average.
I have been using Samsung since long time,this is really awesome if you are looking for best camera I would strongly recommend samsungM30, All features in one phone, good picture quality, slim look and very handy,3 camera in back and one in front its make its dslr picture quality. Lots of features in very affordable cost if you are looking for under 20k a good phone its phone for You.
The one negative part I felt is the camera quality. Sometimes the quality of rear camera is lil low. also getting some grain particles while capturing. also the 3rd cam feels like fish eye lens while capturing the wide angle pics.
I liked each nd every feature of the phone nd specially the long or large 5000mAH battery lifeFingerprint reader is also good it detects my finger even when my finger got rough during summer it is too goodWhich remains whole day even I perform too many tasks like chating surfing playing high end games like PUBG mobile.....In camera I like the most is wide angle picture mode and the camera quality is also amazingAccording to me this phone is best under the budget of 15000Thnx Samsung Electronics for such cool mobile phone and keep the game going
It is very nice phone and very affordable one.....and very cool looking it has great battery life and the camera is damm awesome just became fan of it ..... cannot get rid of it.......and the weight is also very light ....and the new display feature is awsome so great experience like...heaven full HD ...just a dream come true for me. I love how this phone works and the smoothness makes me want to use this phone more. I love how great battery life this phone has and it helps me survive the lecture and also game lovers I don''t think you will have a better option than this.
In this price segment I personally found Samsung Galaxy M30 awesome however here are some ups and down below1. BATTERY: 5000Mah battery lasts whole day on heavy usage but when it came to gaming like running PUBG it drain very fast, this might be because of processor's higher power consumption.2. Processor: Samsung should enhance the processor so that it be on top for PUBG gamers too.3. Camera: I found camera satisfactory however it not work as in low light as per expect.4. Face unlock: works very slow in comparison of Realme or Redmi.
Samsungs sAmoled displays are just awaesome. The main highlights of this phone is the display which i think is fantastic in this price range and also the triple rear camera which we are getting in this range below 15k. Overall a good phone for moderate user not so good for heavy gamers because the processor is not that good but for daily use and light gaming its one of the best phones on this price range.
Display is really Good. - 4.7 out of 5Fingerprint scanner is responsive but personally I don't like it's position. - 3.5 out of 5I heard lot about the camera.. but after using it.. I didn't like it that much - Image stabilization - 2 out of 5Battery life is good - 4.6 out of 5
Samsung Galaxy M30 is an amazing phone with super AMOLED display ,16M colors with 6.4 inch(88.1 screen to body ratio).The resolution is 1080*2340 pixels. The battery life is also amazing with 5000mAh, it can literally work for days on standby and with continuous use for over a day atleast. There are 3 main cameras with depth sensors and HDR quality.Adding on to it is the chipset which is Exynos 7904 Octa. 4 GB RAM works perfectly good and is fast enough. Samsung Galaxy M30 is one of the best phones at such a great price. I would highly recommend you to buy this product
Build quality is plastic which bears scratches easily. Display is sAMOLED but it's warmer when compared to A series. Limited support to Samsung Apps viz, Samsung pass, Secure folder, Samsung pay mini, Bixby, etc are not supported to M series. Easy to hold as it has less weight though it has 5000 mAh battery. Front camera always smoothes the image and detail is not great. Camera is good under daylight conditions. Go for A30 which is far better than M30.
Honor play is more than better.Camera quality is average not so much good.
The phone is best in its class and for the price it is available, i would say there is nothing wrong.The battery once fully charged can go for whole 24 hours against normal use which includes 2-3 hours of gaming(hope my manager is not reading this), insta surfing, watching netflix for another 2 and 3-4 hours of calling.Camera no doubt is best in its class. I know there are better ones in the market but they are also priced accordingly.All that and add samsung's one UI to it. You get a perfect phone.
Handset is pretty good but slipperyAdviced to use with case coverSame old problems from Samsung handset1. Lack of network signal compared to other handset2. Very less speaker output3. Battery performance is not much as 5000mah4.fast changing doesn't seemIt takes about 3 hours for full charge
Very nice smartphone from amazone...thanks to samsung.Camera quality is best with natural colour, wide angle click is amazing50000 mah Battery is superbbbb.... battery running 2 days or more..Super amolded screen is on of the best display than any other smartphone..Some hidden feature are given..which is amazing.Dolby sound quality...amazing like a movie theater..Smart view, navigation, u drope notch, palm swipe screen shot...design of back side etc amazing.....Thanks to amazone and specialy for samsung.....
The feel of the phone is quiet good and sturdy in hands with a case onBut without a case it's a bit slipperyThe camera is good and takes decent photosThe screen is also amazing with a good displayThe battery life is what I liked the bestThe massive 5000mah battery lasts a whole day even after heavy useLeft with around 35% at the end of the dayNo lag whatsoever as of nowNo bloatware and unnecessary software preinstalledHappy with the phone for the price I paid :)
Having a Samsung M30, feels like you own a powerhouse.Its the best phone in its price range. The battery life is long lasting. I have seen 2 days battery backup while being online for almost every moment and watching online contents.Camera is really good and have some unique features in it.The best part I liked of this phone is its display. It feels like you are watching a 4K display.Its worth going for this device.
Totally a new version of Samsung... samsung m30 which is better than what i have expected with a powerful 5000mah battery... and the fingerprint sensor is working amazingly... and one of the smartphone with triple camera but the rear camera lacks a bit quality and the front cam running smoothly with 16mp cam and its new design is awesome... and the fingerprint scanner is competitive with the other smartphones... and one of the best midrange smartphone with amazing features... the most amazing feature is its battery backup and fingerprint scanner
The only reason i bought it over Redmi note 7 pro is because of its front camera . yeah it has more battery life , fast charger bundled with it and better display than 7 pro but that hardly matters. Note 7 pro has better processor , excellent design and better UI. i would have bought redmi note 7 pro but as it is a gift for someone who is selfie obsessed , i went for M30.final opinion : Buy samsung M40 which is a bit expensive but better than M30 and note 7 pro in all aspects 😂
Usage after 13 days:Battery is good enough to keep it charged for 2 days.Display is brilliant.Charging is super fastNo lag deviceSpeaker is fineThings which I didn't liked:Camera is ordinaryMoreover the most imp, I see dust particles have settled underneath the rear lens which is leading to poor photos. I believe the sealing provided is not good enough. I have to visit service center.Many bloatwares from Samsung.Fitness app cannot count your steps
This is the best phone I ever had in this price range.The phone performance is absolutely ravishing. Even oneplus is not able to compete with the battery backup of this phone. Super amoled screen with largest ever battery backup is deadly combo. Moreover triple camera makes this phone unbeatable.I would rate this phone as superstar in display, battery, camera everything.People going for MI or Oppp brand phones. .. Buy this phone M30 as this also comes in same price range with Samsung trust and best features ever.
I am really satisfied with M30. Fantastic phone with smooth functioning. Samsung have grown a lot sine I last used its mobile phones. Lots of features and very good display. bright and colorful. its been two days and I've not encountered any problem till now. Battery is good so far and 6 GB RAM and 128GB Memory is good enough.I recommend M30. Tops above all at this price range.
Samsung claims its 5000 mah battery. But as per my experience in last 4 days, it drains very fast. The bettery looks like 2500mah. Camera is decent and could be better. No slow motion video can capture. Edge detectiin in not so perfect. I am not a heavy user like playing pubg and all that. So for perfomance basis its 4 out of 5.
The Smart Phone is good and working nice, the clock speed of processor is bit medium to respond faster, at this price RAM should have given 6 GB the triple rear camera is superb but if it is 16+8+8 will be a great boom to the phone, Front camera 16 GB is simple awesome, The Super AMOLED Display is no words to review, it is almost peaks, FINALLY battery 5000Mah is another superb spec to afford for this M30, and the SAR value 0.49 is Great, Finally the price might be 12990 is a great value to buy and enjoy the features
I bought this phone after much deliberation and comparing different models like Vivo, Oppo, Redmi etc.Althought many said that samsung phones are not that great in performance and hangs very frequently, personally i have liked the phone very much.. its battery quality is the best in business.. also the camera and other functions are great to use.I hadnt earlier used samsung mobile, but have loved this one for sure. Would definitely recommend to buy the same
Hi all after using 3 days here is my review for samsung m30Display is awesome and feels very good when watching HD moviesCamera is goodAudio is goodOverall i feel happy to brought this mobile
actually  i got my first  salary  in life so i decided  to buy new best samart phone then i choose Samsung i would  like to travel more ..so i need long battery  capacity... i need top brand phone.... and then i need outstanding camera... and then i need outstanding  display... and i neeed wonderfull quality  longlasting and standard  sooo m30 contain these features  so thts i choose m30... so theycrossed my expectations  when i got m30 so thank y Samsung  i use Samsung  5 yrs ... i trusted  i loved... and thank u amazone ur great
This is no way superior to m20. This does not Samsung smartthings app. Surprised. Touch is good. Handy. Camera is average. Finger print reader works well.  Live cast feature is still not working.  However could download that app from galaxy stores which was not possible through Google play
Guys if u are looking a best phone in 15k -18kM30 is the best of it go for it .I recommend it to buy.I have got best result than I expected .
It's a pleasant surprise that this device is worth all the money I spent. The fingerprint reader is awesome. Same with the triple camera. The background blur effect is one of the best in sub-15k category. The 16 mega pixel front camera is boon, this augmented video calls.My earlier handset required recharge once a day. With similar talk time the battery charge lasts for more than two days.
I'm using this phone last few months without any problem but camera quality is not meet my expectations before I used several phones, compare to my Moto G4plus  this phone 👎 camera wise and battery also draining very fastly.
The camera quality is simply amazing and the wide angle feature just makes it even more better. Battery life is remarkable as it helps to binge watch your favourite series and episodes for hours after a single charge. Gamers you are going to love this phone especially PUBG lovers as you can play game for hours because it has 5000MAH battery life. The photographs captured are lively and so are the videos. Talking about the price its like a cherry on the top. Such a low price and such nice specifications, what else can anybody else ask for! It's worth it.
Switched from MI 5 to samsung in a hope for lower sar value (satisfied) and better quality (satisfied except camera)...Disappointed by camera quality...wide angle mode quality is worst didn't save a single photo with this mode yet...Disappointed with price manipulation also...Now you are giving 1500 rs discount on icici cc whereas I have purchased it just a month back with icici cc feel like fooled...Yet overall happy as safety was my major concern...
It is the best budgeted phone under 18k for 128GB n 5000Mah battery.  The battery life is remarkable and phone is also light even with 5000mah battery which last for almost 2 days with heavy usage movies n youtube, with 6GB and 128 GB and such a heavy duty battery makes it better than mi note 7 pro. Only drawback is camera when compare with other phones in same segment but if you wana do photography go buy some professional DSLR cameras.The best part is its Samsung ...
I bought this mobile on may 2nd , As redmi note 4 user, for me  this phone has only two Pros1) battery2) AMOLED screenCONS1) Getting heat while playing game2) Camera is bad3) sound is not much good when you make full volume4) finger print is response not quick5) Rotating Screen is very slow , really very very  bad6) Not worthy if are geek or developer or tech guyits just all hype people buying this phone , full of samsung apps
Got update of Pie. Finger print scanner, Face recognition is amazing. Long lasting battery🔋. Rear camera not upto the expectations. Front camera is super. Spectacular, elegant display😍. Most fantastic feature of the phone is it's slim look and display. Colour resolution, brightness everything is flawless. Impeccable display 🤩. Samsung should avoid pre-installation of apps.And, finally overall rating 4.5/5, satisfied with the phone. Worth buying.  Best phone under  ₹ 18K😊.
Was eagerly waiting for this sort of configuration from samsung and I got it when exactly i had to go for a new mobile.Pricing below 20k from samsung is something came as a surprise to me and I had no second thought but just go for it.Got it yesterday and no complaints as such that I feel to be shared except for the Amazon packing which i have shared on the right forum. Only thing to watch out will be battery backup as this is the only area where samsung always dissapointed me earlier...
Hello Team, this phone is looking good but while playing pubg and outher high congratulations game its lagging and some time its hang for me. But outher wise not happening like if i will use 10 apps also same time no problem. While charging slight hit.
Everything about this phone is amazing. I have the 6gb variant and it is smooth. I like the back because of the gradient design Samsung has adopted. The phone is fast and I love the Samsung UI. I had options like Redmi Note and Realme3 having much better processors but I made the right choice by trusting Samsung on this one. The only downside is that the camera becomes slow at night but using it with flash and ignoring the slow capture, the camera quality is at it's best.
Samsung has done the Grt job..... awesome phone..😘😘😘
Value for money, low cost with higher memory configuration phone with fast charging. Fast delivery by Amazon. Good range product by Samsung after longtime to meet market requirements . Can recommend a this phone to friends
Probably the best smartphone in this price segment. The UI is very user friendly and very smooth. RAM management is also very good and doesn't lag at all. The FHD+ AMOLED display looks and feels better as compared to other smartphones. Good for gaming, as 6GB RAM works perfectly with exynos 7904 chipset and gives you very good gaming experience. Camera could have be better but in good lighting conditions the photos are very crisp and detailed. Battery backup is very impressive and easily last a complete day with single charge.
Likes-Battery,Display,Cameras..Dislikes-Rear camera in low light..At 1st battery life is awesome when compared to anyother phn lessthan on higher than 15000,Display is too good and its very large and camera quality is in top class,fingerprint sensor performing very fastly when compared to anyother samsung phnsNo many dislikes are there in this phn..rear camera performance in low light is little bad..Finally we can buy this phone undoubtedly with this cost..its better than MANY other phones..
It's the best budget phone with triple camera and superamoled. Battery life is good and picture quality too while face recongnation it take time. If they would have slo motion and timelapse would be an advantage.
samsung M30 not upto level what i am expecting. i have samsung J6 is far better than M30.i bought on 15 april, proximity sensor not working, camera quality poor, especially network issue, poor signal system. i faced problems and complaint to Amazon for return but they dont want to return the product by convincing manner. I don't know why amazon give an option for return?  useless, ridiculous service, i suppose to dont want to but any product in amazon further if they dont return my product.
Hi,I have been using M30 since last 2 weeks.Pros:1. Excellent Battery backup2. Good Display and camera.3. Very light weightCons:1. Speaker positions could have been better2. Fingerprint sensor does not sense immediately. Sometime has lag.
Amazing speed and finest features within medium budget, makes Samsung M30 unique. It has great finger print sensor readers and decent camera qualities. What amuses me is its battery life. It charges very quickly (10 mins to reach more than 30-40% battery life) and runs for 2 two days!!! Whatelse we need ? Ask for more and you would get it for less cost, from Samsung. Mind you, Samsung produces the least SAR (Specific Absorption Rate) i.e. low radiation emitting phones!
I using this phone roughly 3 mnth and i would say this is the best budget oriented samsung which have excellent battery back up and display. Processor is not upto the mark...its lags some time..when using heavy games and multitasks...but day to usage u cant face any type of lagging problem...camera is good but not upto the mark..on this range redmi note is a camera beast..so if you a camera lover and need powerfull processor then this device is not for you...overall i would say this is the first samsung mid range puncher
Back camera is not up to the mark
This phone is steal for its price.. It has great SUPER AMOLED Display of 6.4 inches with FHD+ Resolution. A massive battery of 5000 Mah with fast charging are its main Highlights of the phone. It has brand value of Samsung and it's not a cheap Chinese phone. It also comes with widewine L1 certification to stream HD content on Netflix.
Received damaged product. There was a dent across the sim card tray. Unfortunately I was not in town to receive the phone. By the time i came back and unpacked the phone it was beyond the return duration. It is unbelievable that a brand like Samsung can pack damaged item and sell it as brand new
I received a faulty device at first which was hanging and restarting at will from the first setup process itself. I must say Amazon customer service is really good. They listen to my issue try debugging via remote access and then sent a technician to check the device and he confirmed it was faulty. Within two days I received a new device. Overall the device is value for money. Great battery life amazing display and touch good camera quality good performance so far. I am a basic user and don't use heavy apps and games.
The major cons are Bluetooth not working properly, Call quality is not good, network strength is not showing properly, data connectivity issue. Have asked for refund, but amazon refused it and forcing us to get replacement. Overall unhappy shopping experience in Amazon. Felt Bad.
Display - ExcellentBattery - ExcellentCamera - Good (Day light - Good, Low Light -  Average, Potrait - Good)Performance - Good (Average for Gamers)Pubg works fine but battery drains 9-10% for one game.The display quality will make you forget the drawbacks.
1. Battery charging is fantastic. It takes hardly 30 minutes to charge from 60% to 100%.2. Battery is long lasting. Normally I don't need to charge it for whole day (provided it is fully charged at the beginning).3. Selfie camera is wonderful.4. I purchased 2nd unit also after using 1st unit for 15 days.5. Strongly recommended as value for money.
Battery life span of 2 days with average usage.Display is amazing with high quality pictures clearly stand out. You can watch HD content on Netflix, Prime Video etc. Samsung UI is very user friendly and processor works fine when 2 apps run smoothly on split window. This is best mobile in this price range if you are looking for long battery life and nice display.
This phone also opening with face unlock using my photo in different  phone as other new Samsung s10 does. No security  at all in this feature. Not happy with Samsung..  bought first Samsung phoneafter 9 long years
No anti virus software loaded. Right on the onset I would like to  say that this is a  mediocre cellphone from Samsung. Great battery life with 5000 strong  Mah. Rest of the features  like I said b4 r ok nothing  great to  mention or write about. Samsung just fooled ppl believing into about this product's big things. But I must say this product is value for money. Meant for less tech savvy ppl and not for hardcore cellphone lovers going for high end specifications and tech savvy guys. Good for  gifting in family.
The product is not responding almost every third attempt so it's functions are not working as designed or rather they are not consistently working.  I would have been happy if Samsung could replace this product as there is just one week no damage or offer scratch.Appreciate Samsung to help raise my query
After rigorous search chose m30 over note 7 pro.Pros: great dew drop s.amoled displayTouch and feelDolby atmos sound with ear phonesCameraSpeed and performanceOverall qualitySamsung brandCons: gradient blue back panel is not good because of the colours
Samsung M30 is best phone at average price. I am enjoying phone since it launched and found much better at this cost.Camera is good with limited options to take photo more effectively. Selfie camera is also average.Battery life of phone is fantastic. For normal use I did not need to plug in for 2 or 3 days. Also it gets fully charged in hour or two.Since, I have not used any high performance app in my phone but with all essential application it works very smoothly.
Red color's are showing brown in picture
Even though it is on the pricey end, if we consider it's hardware, better hardware is available in it's price range but it's has not let down in case of performance. The battery life is great. There are no heating issues. The fast charger works amazing. The dedicated slot for sd card really helps. It has fulfilled every requirement I had bought it for. The camera quality is average for it's price but it has lived upto it's brand name.
All the hype around this phone is not warranted.1. The phone is way too big for handling and is not good.  The one handed handling is clumsy2. The battery takes forever to charge and the quick charger is not a quick charger3.  The batter does not last long and even the minimal functioning of the phone needs a lot of power
Nice Product Given my Samsung with all gud features for budget phones , camera 4stars , rest 5 stars from mee or facelock ,fingerprint sensor thanks samsung and amazon .So my advice is bring this cell phone who want to buy thanks a lot
Dear SirI am not feeling good with the battery issue of my New Phone M-30.Its Charging time is very long ie approx 3 hours which is not good for new generation phones.Second I found this phone heated during charge.Hence I would not like to have this phone.Regards.Anupam Upadhyay
BOUGHT this in flash sale everything is good about this photo.  I'm not a gamer but decent games play well on this one and does not over heat..  I have not tried playing heavy games that utilize graphics.  Camera quality is good if not the best..  I liked the build quality..  It's sleek and sturdy.. Looks like Samsung is back in market to compete with likes of Xiaomi Lenovo oppo realme vivo where there is neck to neck competition in this segment..  Wish Samsung all the best :=)
Mobile getting too much heating while mobile data even for few minutes. Battery getting drained very fast with few apps installed and with Mobile Data ON. Excessively heating during Camera usage for more than 10 shots. I have posted the issue on SAMSUNG Groups, but in vain. Horrible to have the mobile in pocket with mobile data ON. Don't expect such a low quality from an international brand SAMSUNG. With three months experience, I advice don't purchase.
Many good Apps like Samsung Max, Max wants to add time of protection, I wonder why not give continuous protection.but I miss Samsung pass & Pay, biz card reader appsLittle too heavy, may be 5000mah battery is the reason.Finger print reader works very well though it looks smaller in size.Storage is good.Screen resolution is very good not the bestCamera quality is not high quality.Value for money
Most important thing like about this M30 for me is , it is more easier to use than my past brands ... Camera clarity and speed is almost good...  And one should not miss this model it is awesome choice in budget prise....It contains the most option in minimum price...  It is a reliable model in this minimum price...
Excellent handset under 15K. Hereby enlisting pros and cons:Pros:1) Beast of a Battery. Will last a day on Average use.2) Vibrant Display featuring SUPER AMOLED. Amazing colors and textures.3) Pie upgrade ready to install.4) Ultralight body. But firm grip in hand.5) Fast Fingerprint sensor.Cons:1) Camera is decent but could have been better against competitors.2) Gaming is good but not as good as Snapdragon powered devices featuring HD graphics.
Worst phone I have ever come across. Except for making calls n sending SMS, this so called smart phone  does not appear to be useful. While playing game screen suddenly go dead. While watching video often it gets minimised. So called 3X charging is a farce. I also have Nokia 7plus n no comparison in charging. If U put on charge it gets heated up. Other features after trying, I'll comment. overall, great disappointment from gaint brand like Samsung.
The phone performance  is good,  I loved the battery backup on one full charge it gives me one and half day of usage. Camera quality is good, selfie is amazing.Although  the phone doesn't  support Corning gorilla glass , as it can even get broken from a small impact , so please use screen guard for the same.
As u said it supports 4G+4G network. But it has only 2G, 3G and LTE network. That's the reason I hope internet running slow on M30 mobile. It's really surprised. Except this find all features as mentioned.
I purchased the phone on 16th April flash sale and i got it in hand on 19th April. Camera quality, battery, performance everything was good. But today the phone display sensor is not working properly. I checked the Amazon's return window time but my bad luck, it's closed yesterday night. I just dropped the phone at Samsung care centre and wrote this review. Even care center person told me that you can return this product to Amezon. Bad experience.
AFTR 3 DAYS OF USE HERE IS MY REVIEW.I WAS USING GALAXY J8 MOBILE THAT WAS BIT BETTER. OVERALL CAMERA HAS LOW QUALITY BOTH BACK AND FRONT, SO CALLED 5K MAH BATTERY SAME BACKUP LIKE 3500 MAH AND AFTER ALL THERE ARE SOME INTERNAL APPLICATIONS WHICH ARE NOT WORKING LIKE THERE IS NO OPTION TO CHANGE RINGTONE MIGHT BE UPDATED IN NEXT UPDATE BUT RIGHT AWAY I HAVE THE PROBLEM. I would tell One thing only infinity U display is diffrence and nothing else.
Pros* battery Life ( Upto 8-10 hours of screen on time, On normal use upto 2 days of battery life)* AMOLED screen (Nice to watch movies and videos)* Processor is good enough to support if you are average user.* Dedicated SD card slot.* Android Pie update.* 6.4 inch screenCons* Sometimes the wifi gives problem* Wide angle photos are a little blurry on normal lighting
Amazing SUPER AMOLED display with efficient power saving features.Giant 5000mah battery with electrifying superfast charging, lasts 1.5days on normal use with 4G & Wifi.Wide angle lens critically useful in clicking some pro level snaps.The processor could have been better (any Snapdragon) but the gap is fulfilled through 6GB Ram (in my case)PubG runs smooth at 60fps.OVERALL: Smart Investment, Superb Pricing, Satisfies all mass needs.
🤩Pros:-😍->Excellent Display->Battery backup->Supports HD streaming->Dedicated card slot->USB Type-C port and fast charging😞Cons:-😣->No notification light->Not for heavy gaming->No case cover in the box->plastic build
From last several times I was skipping Samsung for a lot of reasons, main being price for the configuration they ask. But this time Samsung surprised me. Triple camera with good quality pictures, screen size, battery capacity and life 5000 Mah, RAM and Internal Memory 6+128 GB, face unlock etc for this price with quality assurance of Samsung is just make this value buying and it takes no time I gone for this. Amazingly I bought this once more after flash sale period for one of my family member
Have used the phone for around 7 days. I was using Honor 7 previously. Bought it at 15kPros:Battery and Screen are amazing. 5000 mAh gives you enough juice to run without facing any issue. Haven't played games so no idea. Camera looks good. Wide image is superb feature.Cons:Finger Print Sensor is bad. At times requires multiple attempts also response is slow. There is no notification led.  Heats up at times during continuous usage.
The phone at this cost outstands with its large internal storage and the 6gb ram, but the camera is not satisfying when it comes to wide angle photo, the picture quality is soo compressed and what i miss the most in this phone is the slowmo and fast farward video recording options, when the galaxy A50 gives better camera and also the slowmo features at the similar cost. Except the camera, the phone is doing better in other terms for this price!
I Suggest if you have 15k budget you should take this phone .Camara is awesome ,Fast ChargingBut it has 2 problem1. Pie Update is not available till 23th March2. Gorilla Glass is not Present
Hello, everyone i want to tell u that before buying galaxy m30 i was a moto user and i use almost all devices of G series. But when i purchase this M30 model from Amazon really guyz i personally suggest my  family and friend circle to purchase this model.The features of Samsung Galaxy m30 are really very impressive and i am loving its camera quality and its other features.Its back body colour is double shaded and i am loving it.Love u Samsung 👍✌
I think Samsung, the brand name is enough. I bought Samsung Galaxy M30 mobile on April 27 for that I have been waited for months. After using for a day, I have written the review. Simply it is excellent in all the specifications, Worth buyable for this amount. Best things are:Super Amoled displayTriple cameras"fingerprint reader""face recognition" Best "battery life" Still 50% remaining after using a day!Simply I loved it.I Suggest everyone to buy!
Nice and powerful battery lot of storage I like it's camera specially wide angle feature and processor is also good and smooth and display is very good charger is very very fast overall this phone is very good
It has a smooth rounded finish on all four corner and back panel which is made completely of plastic. To add touch of class it is made of two tone from blue to darker blue . It both looks and feel good in hands. It is blessed with infinity u display which means it give high screen to body ratio of 90%. Performance is excellent. I love its 5000mhz battery life. Camera quality is brilliant. It has triple camera. In over all i am satisfied with the product i will recommed you all to buy it.
The phone is snapyThe display is aswn 9 out of 10battery is good but the fast charging needs improvement 10 out of 10 for battery and 7 out of  10 for fast chargingThe cam is also up to the mark 8 out 10 but lacks the good feel of an oppo (beauty)The overall raiting is 8.5 out of 10
Excellent battery back up. poor camera quality. Would have been great if Samsung provided earphones, tempered glass and back cover within the box.Drawback: Heats up a lily while charging or long hours gaming.
Camera is Excellent, The Exynos 7904 processor is beast to handle all of the tasks & sufficient for modern games like Asphalt 8 , 9 & Pubg, Modern Combat 5. Can play Almost any games. Video Quality achieved in this phone is mind blowing with Super AMOLED Display with widevine L1 certification screen. 6GB RAM is LPDDR4X which adds boost to any heavy game or application or multitasking without any lags. In short Galaxy M30 is the value for money performance phone at lowest price
A very good initiative taken by SAMSUNG INDIA to full fill the needs of mid range smartphones users by providing a immersive flagship features in a price of less than 20k . A best lucrative option for the middle class as well as can be used by any group from young to adults . Introduction of premium features like superamold displays with fast charging of 5000mah battery make the phone more compatible and over all feels good in handThanks samsung india
This mobile is nearly robotic. Most of the Samsung mobile batteries drain fast but this is really really an exception. Unique in face recognition, finger scanning, camera quality and good amount of RAM which is economical.
The product was osm... Here are samples of back camera... We can divide into many sections for stars...1. Back Camera - 4 Star  Front Camera -  5 Star2. Display - 5 Star3. Battery - 5 Star ( 26 Hours Backup)4. ONE Ui - 5 Star5 Pie update On time - 5 Star6. Ram Management - 5 Star7 . Signals - 5 Star8. Face Lock - 5 Star Accuracy9 . FINGERPRINT - 5 STAR ACCURATESpecifically The dark mode was perfectly applied.
Really say the quality of phone is not good but the screen is very good and speaker is normal but the signal  strength  of sim like 2GSpeed of internet  is too slow on 4g area on any operator..Points table:-Camera  :-  7/10Display  :-  9/10Signal strength  :- 3/10Proseccsor :- 6/10Multitask  :-  5/10Speaker  :-  4/10Design  :-  2/10Fingerprint sensor  :- 4/10Face recognition  :-  6/10Thank you All
This phone is the best I would say for the price range between 10-20k. This phone is awesome without  having any issue. Battery is very good and the best among I used other mobiles. Camera is good. Speed is as per 4GB RAM (GOOD). You have to try this mobile of u r willing to buy mobile at this range.
Its been 3 weeks im using this model of samsung m series and its a amazing experience to use this phone.The Camera quality has a new standard set,UI of this phone is wonderful which quite different fron the other samsung model.The battery life of the phone is incredible like it gives you fast charging and once it is charged completely  the Phone can be Used 2 Days with Internet Access..Other than that the fingerprint sensor Face unlock the speed of the phone is very impressive..
Purchased 4-64 GB variation. The camera is average compared to VIVO & OPPO same megapixel camera. The Phone is heating some time like a heater during phone call internet use. I am Switching off in fear to avoid blast.  Updated to latest version but still problem arises.  It was a very bad experience from samsung.
Very third class product, I'm repenting on my decision why i waited for this product to be available.Finger print & Face unlocking takes much time.Customization of O.S. is not good, Many essential things are missing such as Connection speed indicator.Not a Value for Money product hence choose wisely.
The phone has some amazing features... but a little slow which you'll eventually get used to.. Somehow face recognition part didn't work for me or may be I need to figure it out again... but overall happy with the purchase
I am very disappointed with this product and amazon also. I bought this product a month ago. Just after 2, 3 days the phone started to get heated and got hang. They delivered me defective product. When i try to return this product. The amazon denied it. They told me to install an app. For diagnosis. But that app  didnt showed any defects of my phone. Thus my refund time has been ended. So i was UNABLE TO REFUND/RETURN the product.
Pros:Battery life.Amoled Display quality and size.wide angle camera lens.build quality.fast fingerprint sensor.RAM and Internal memory.Cons:heats a little bit while charging and playing graphics heavy games.processor not that best in class for this price.lowlight camera and overall camera quality for this price could be better.
After using one month I am opining that except gaming performance all are quite good....It looks outstanding though it may have scratch issue on the back of the phone because it has been made up of plastic....
Had lot of expectation due to their marketing about this product. Not a great device. Finger print does not work many times. I brought the one with higher RAM to get the speed, however, it a slow device. Camera is bad then J7 2017 device. No flash in front. Only good part is the battery stand by of 20 hours if fully charged. They have to improve a lot on devices with such high price as compared to other brand.
Wrost software.very very slow to open a single app.Even though 4 GB ram it is not even like 1GB ram, tried a lot to return  but Amazon policies  are not  in favour.Regret that we chose to buy this dirty thing..which is a whole lot waste of money.Design and battery are good, but without  good software and RAM I feel it is useless
Mobile is good but look is not as good as A7. I find both A series and M series touch is not as good as samsung on next mobile though tried with sensitive touch. Touch is very hard in both the series.
Having ram optimization problems. Out of 6 GB ram only 3gb ram can be usable.Phone is not stable while gameplay in pubg. While game play it become so laggy.YouTube 1080p videos streaming become full laggy. After 8 days sound of speaker is getting fade. And sometimes screen not responding.Pls dont buy if u want quality product
The phone is champion in this segment.I haven't expected this quality and performance from Samsung but it is good.If you want Samsung phone in budget this phone is for you.
on 28th March i got this mobile after unboxing power on just 5 minutes  display came quick start menu appear n Wi-Fi that's it after i pressed start the display is blank( the mobile is unresponsive)  even after plugged in charger also there is no indication. It was a very bad experience to me
Sometimes touchscreen not working properly and I need  to give a restart for that. About the camera, the photos are captured in the triple camera, its not given a good quality of pixels. About the Mobile network,  the network receiver is very less powerful. Once the phone puts in flight mode and after disable the flight mode the automatic network selection is not working. And if we search network in manually its taking too much time. Only thing I like, the battery backup.
Such an amazing phone for such a low price is really awesome,the most important thing for me is the battery as I don't like charging the phone every now and then and this phone comes with an awesome 5000 mAh battery which is really breathtaking I can stream hours of internet on a single charge.The camera is also really good compared to similar phone of other brands and with the latest UI update this phone it its truly an amazing experience .
This mobile is one of the worst phone in 2019 by Samsungdon’t waste your money on this crap of Samsung m30.Built quality is Very poor. Looks like cheap phoneCamera is not at all upto the mark.Lot of heat even at the minimum usage.Plastic body and vibrations while playing any music.Doesn’t worth the money.One of the worst mobile Samsung has produced this year.Simply don’t waste your money on this phone
Writing this review after using the phone for two weeks. It has the best battery life supporting multiple features at the same time. Upon full charge it will last for 36-40 hours with normal usage. Camara quality is decent and the 120 g.b variant gives apt storage space to save your memories in high quality. There are no heating issues and the sail has been hastle free and met my expectations. Overall a very good product and you will not regret buying it..... cheers....
After reading the review i bought Samsung M30 last week, but the phone i received is having bad camera quality. It clicks blur images. I tried to excange the product but Amazon declines as it is not defective or broken. They told technician will visit my place to review problem i wasted full day but no1 shown up also the technician's phone was off. Again customer service says they will update me tomorrow. I am very much disappointed with mobile as well as Amazon service
Very good display, good cameras, good sound quality in earphone,battery backup also good,I am purchased redmi note 7 pro but very bad exeriance Main Network issues, camera lagging, heating somuch i sale it on OLX next i purchasing m30
Bought on mar 19ProsDisplayConsBattery drains not working as 5000mahCamera pixelates even in high qualityFace recong. Is slowStill old samsung UITouch response ia not so quickHeats up while watching videos more than 30minNot at all good for gaming
I am always using Samsung phones but this purchase is mind blowing and the features are fabulous.The rate is reasonable.Really satisfied with this purchase.I purchased 6GB/128GB variant.Little bit i didn't like this phone is back side that is glassy finish which received scratches very soonAny wayThank you SamsungThank you Amazon
I've been using M30 for 3 months now. It's still good as new.Sound quality is good, but with headphones it's greatCamera is good for this price range.Fingerprint reader is bit slow but it's not a big issue, with face recognition it works great.Most amazing thing about this phone is the display. Super AmOLED very nice, fell in love with this display.Battery is quite good, after 3 hr of continuous gaming you'll still have more than 60% left.
Worst mobileDefect Mobile
Actually The fingerprint scanner is working damn good and fast , battery life is also good ,camera there is noise problems , and i miss on this phone is EIS & Slowmo If they can solve these two problems then this phn is The best i would say in this price range......If samsung gets work on this EIS & Slowmo then m30 users will be more satisfied with this product . We m30 users are eagerly waiting for ur response dear samsung
Pros - Good screen. Nice interface. Not many bloatwares. Good camera. Good battery life.Cons - Processor is slow, better processors available in similarly priced phones. Phone speaker sound is really low. Low light photos are not good.
The graphics are amazing ! No lag... the finger print and face lock works like a charm. The wide angle, live focus and depth cameras are quite good too. There is no front led but the on-screen flash works well in low light conditions. Appreciate the inclusion of the blue light filter and infinity-u display.
Over all this phone is a done deal. Everything works good but even though with 6 GB RAM, Multiple games are still running slow and please update the interface little more. However this interface is a lot better than previous Samsung Devices. In this range of price I can say this phone is the best deal you can get.
The Samsung Galaxy M30 is the masterpiece from Samsung.Overall it is having Value for Money. No lags.No hanging issues.Battery too reliable for 2 days usage under normal data usage. The best part is about the seller. The seller "STPL" is very genuine, reliable and professional.I must say the packaging was professionally sealed and secured by Amazon and Seller "STPL".I received it on time.No issues found till date.
The phone is full of problem. Whenever you receive notification the lock screen dispay light does'nt turn off. Finger Print does'nt works. After receiving text message the lock screen display do not turn off. If you receive message at 1AM, the display light remains there in the morning till you manually turn off with power button. In this time the whole battery gets low.Two months have passed, Each day it has given problem. and what to talk about service centre?
Its a great device with well packed features.All the sensors are present and PUBG can be played on HD high frame rate without any lag(Matters to some people ).It's camera seems upgraded,the wide angle is magic.The screen is big and beautiful.Sometimes,the fingerprint sensor can be buggy but the face recognition unlocks the phone in less than a second even in darkness so thats not an issue.
Samsung M30 is best phone in this price bracket for a big brand value. Unlike other Chinese products in this range which tend to have different issues in couple of months. Samsung has given its flagship galaxy features and style in this budget photo. Excellent battery backup with a good user interface  Excellent camera quality. Extra camera enables a perfect wide angle click. In all a must have for every consumer bracket.
The Samsung Galaxy M30 seems to tick most of the right boxes for a mid-range Android smartphone. Fingerprint reader works perfectly, batterylife is soo good, camera quality is good too, the only problem is about the software which is not as updated as what’s available on the Galaxy A30, a phone that was launched around the same time as the Galaxy M30. But now we got pie update with oneUI. It was really good. Overall I'm very happy with the performance of the mobile.
The phone is an amazing device . As I was gifted this by my mom on my bday . And it made my day . If u are looking for a phone which is fast ,with good storage , a great camera and killer looks than m 30 is the one u should go for . This phone is also really great for gaming and by gaming I mean heavy games which works smooth as silk in this . And camera is just awesome buy it and u won't regret it. And it's quite durable and strong body too.
The new Samsung Experience 9.5 Very nice..It had some Awesome Features that are not in other brands. The Infinity-U Display is also Nice with Vibrant colors , Battery is Quite powerful. Triple Camera is good quality with Wide angled lens.Processor is Nice and lagg-free Exynos ..SuperbOnly thing is It needs Android PIE 9.0 update with ONE UI as in "A" Series as Orher models offer it.  This is also competent to A30, A50.
If you want to own a phone looking like flagship phone go for it...CameraDolby atmos systemLarge u display with super amoledUser interface everthing is good even superb also..Only thing is performance ...I didnt say that it is very bad ..it was good only for day today usage.....if u r a game lover..sorry guyz this phone is not for you...The biggest hightlight for this phone is displayyyyy..Omg...what a display..
Pros:Excellent Display, only AMOLED display in under 15000 right nowExcellent Battery backup, 5000mAhFront camera is great but the camera app smoothens the face a little more than I likeLight Weight due to plastic, weight is well distributedFast ChargingWide Angle CameraCons:Rear Camera is OkayFingerprint a little higher upDoesn't feel very premium to holdSamsung Experience UI at Android 8.1 :(
Samsung has buiid a great product for the price. & The Samsung services are far better than the other brands in the market. Samsung should bring in more features and metal build also to compete in the future.Fast delivery from Amazon, keep it up 👍
Very worthy phone for this price. Amazing specs. Beats all other low category substandard phones like vivo, oppo, oneplus, xiaomi etc. It has very good display that no other phone matches at this price range. Great battery life, neat fingerprint reader. Superb design.
I bought this phone 27-Apr-2019, i used this phone in India is working . but when i came abroad the phone shows the SIM NETWORK PIN ISSUE,  i mostly time visit the different different countries, this is very big problem for me, so.please resolve this problem. as soon as possible. and provide me appropriate solution for this problem, other wise this phone is waste for me.Aside Samsung CompanyKindly provide me appropriate solution for this problem.
The best thing i like in this phone is s-amoled. The colors are too inky and i like that. And the next thing is 5000mah battery and type c charge which is getting charged not very quickly but quickly which is more than enough.Battery will last for one full day when we used the phone for the whole day.The worst things are camera quality . Its very worst and processor which is not so good.
Touch screen not so responsive. Phone lags. Finger print sensor not good and also placed at a wrong place. Difficult for your finger to reach the sensor. Face recognition very poor and slow. Overall i can say that phone is not upto the mark. Even Samsung UI is very slow in everything. Better buy redmi, realme, honor or any other phone.
LIKED THE DEVICE SO MUCH.LIKES:1) THE DEVICE DESIGN IS GOOD AND SLEEK.2) 3 REAR CAMERAS,U-DISPLAY,SUPER AMOLED SCREEN UNDER BUDGET BY SAMSUNG TAG.3) BOTH FRONT AND REAR CAMERA PICTURE QUALITY IS GOOD.4) DEVICE DOESN'T HANGS ON PLAYING PUBG AND WORKS SMOOTHLY. 5) UPDATED TO ANDROID PIE.DISLIKE:1) THERE IS NO OPTION TO LOCK APPS BY FINGERPRINT SENSOR WHICH IS NOT EXPECTED BY SAMSUNG. THIRD PARTY APP IS REQUIRED.
It’s a good buy for the price. Though a bit big to hold, it has speed, memory, and facilities needed. The battery lasts longer than any other phone that i’ve Used so far and I can download as many programmes that I need without exhausting the internal memory. It also has a slot for the memory card which make the phone great.
Best phone under this price range...multiple task can be done seemlessly...huge battery backup is a bonus...Android 9 update available...Samsung proves again that they r the best...go for it...dont think..
Camera is pathetic,  too much processing changes every pic to look artificial, only plus point is wide angle but there is no zoom in this mode.Selfie camera doesn't capture right angle. Overall camera is worst.Battery backup is niceTouch sensitivity is average.If you can't get hold of Mi 7pro, you can go for this
Currently using Galaxy C7 pro. Got M30 now. Compared to C7 pro M30 isnt a great product M30 is quite heavy, thick and even display isnt great.Screen is long butnt wide enough, so it luks like a tall and thin man. Its not attractive if we r used to c7 pro or c9 pro.  Camera is too bad. Except RAM and storage nothing great. Regret buying.
Phones battery backup is very good but processing  of certain activities is taking time. Display is good and all colors are very beautiful  to display. Overall performance after using 4 days is very good and at moment around 100 apps I have installed and using on this phone but no lab is visible.
The camera is great abd the battery life is just amazing. With more than 100 apps (including games) on my phone, the battery lasts for 2 days straight. Best phone for this price range. Loved it!Competes with poco F1, but this one is much lighter than poco f1, and at lesser cost!The design is decent yet elegant..
Playing pubgStuck mobilePubg game performance not good  worst mobile  worst processor
Best part of the phone is large amoled full HD screen . Which defines colours very well and the next thing which I like the most about this mobile is it's battery life which can easily lasts for more than a day after full charge . The camera is good but pixels are not up to mark when you zoom your shot it may blur . Camera  works really very well in daylightIn short this mobile phone from Samsung is really amazing and worth its cost you can go for this
Samsung Galaxy M30 mobile is ok ok. I have orderd 2 time Samsung M30 mobile but 2 times amzone seller sell detective piece..We found one time sd card slot issue means sd card not properly fitted in slot due to this we repalce this samsung M30 mobile during 10 days but after replacement another sell phone found defective its a camera issue..Its wrost amozone customer care not support propely..2 times we receive fauly or defective sell phone...I don't satisfy..
M30 is excellent features here but not fulfill expectations about camera quality.My request to all M series users when you received mobile immediately place tempered glass for screen production,  I lossed touch screen breaks in 2 days because I'm not use screenguard.Very poor quality touch screen.
I like the phone very much, display is very clear and crisp, camera is very good in light, bit disappointed in low light condition, battery is power packed, full charge kn 2 hours, weight is still under control after 5000 mah battery, over all i like the deveice preferred over Redmi Note 7 pro.
Perfect mobile phone in this price. This device has three cameras on it's back side its camera samples are quite good. I like the most in this device is that its super amoled display which is full HD plus display and it's  good battery life it has 5000 mah of battery so that this device can stand up to 2 days with a normal uses. The performance of this device is also better then other 15000 rupees Samsung phones.
Worst product....after using 10 days im giving feedback...except display every thing is bad..Camera is very bad,picture quality is verg bad and colors are totally draining out..Battery is not working like a 5000mah,its like normal 2000mah battery ...The main problem is with internet, very poor at internet accessing...and the phone is slow..not performing well...Guys don't buy this phone ....Believe me this is a genuine feedback ...
Not as expected, performance not up to mark ,, camera quality is like, oppo & vivo, u don't need to make up, u can see ur face with fully MAKEUP in pics,  ,,, u notch display looks gud ,  comfortable to handle , battery life is good , heavy users can use 1 full day ,
I like this product well. Because within this price range samsung galaxy m30 has extraordinary features with a fingerprint scanner also an awesome  camera clarity. The 6 gb ram gives an extra ordinary performance also the processor gives better gaming experience than the other phones i have used before which comes in this price range. Even after a months usage it still maintains its performance,with the hd amoled display powered by samsung..i loved it...
Amazon team,On my behalf my brother received the product since I was out of town. Today after arriving back I opened the product n found that it is defective and there is little gap on top side of screen n back cover which is sufficient for dust or water ingress. Also saw that return window is closed yesterday. Being a prime member request you to please replace the product with new one. I assure that the product is unused. Please contact me.
The phone offers the best possible features for its price range and satisfies the everyday needs of a high end pricey phone.The battery life is something that I'm really satisfied with personally as it lasts me a whole day and the face recognition feature is also pretty fast but the only issue is with low lighting it does error sometimes.All in all the phone is one of the best choices for its price range offering the best possible features.
Love the device truly value for money as the device gives the best performance in this price segment. I purchased 128/6gb variant which is really impressive and good. Blue variat is best as it reflects black and blue.
Awesome mobile I have orderd it and received it on 15 June I love this mobile best battery good camera gaming performance is good overall a good package for me better than M40Only 1 problem that I have faced is I can't insert my memory card because it pop up slightly over the slot so I can't insert the sim tray properlyAfter 10 day of use I face 2 problems fingerprint takes more time and navigation bar shows continues even on opening of apps
I do not have any item which I do not like. But there some glitches and I believe that will go un sometime with some software update.1. Contact list is little confusing to use due to my old phone experience.2. Though It is 5000 battery but it is lasting in 18 to 20 hrs of use (extensive use).3. I hate preinstalled apps like Amazon face etc. I shove able to uninstall these kind of apps.4. One UI I loved it.
The Perfect phone for non gaming people.Let me get into pros & consPros:1. Excellent battery life2. Camera quality is ok but Samsung could have done it much better3. Fingerprint is bit slow compared to other phones in this range4. This phone is good for multitasking5. The biggest pro for the phone is its screenCons:1.This is not a gaming phone2. One UI is not completely available for this one
Hi Samsung Galaxy M30 best smartphone under 15k. I review it using from last 3 months. Detailed rating areCamera - average 4/5Battery - very good 5/5Display- samoled very good double the experience 5/5Performance- exonyes 7904 average not bad 4/5Software- android pie with cool one ui 5/5Build quality- good ,very slim bodyAll the features of m30 is very good battery and super amoled screen the best throughout using.
Battery life awesome. Picture quality better than my previous phone. And afterall its Samsung. Overall good buy against Redmi note 7 pro. If you want performance, go for redmi note 7 pro. But if you are daily user of whatsapp facebook etc. Then this is definitely for you.
Thank's SamsungVery nice phone i love its screen. Super fast phone with 4 Gb Ram and 64 Gb space.Movie experience in this phone is very very good.Firstly i decide to buy Mi note 7 then i see descriptions of Galaxy M30 on Amazon and decide to buy Galaxy M30,  and now i am very satisfied to have this phone. Thank you Amazon Thank you Samsung.
This is one of the best in segment. Fingerprint reader is quick and reponds widin a second. Camera quality is ver good. All 3 rear cameras work very well. Depth sensor is also very good. Battery life is also good. On full charge with heavy usage, like songs, callls, 4G on both sims, gaming, battery life lasts for more dan 15-18 hours. So in a single charge you can spend entire day. And with fast charge your phone gets charged within 1 and half hours.
This is a brilliant phone. I use a note 8 and 9... And now i bought this. Much lighter. Thinner. Beautiful. Screen is amazing. And fetures are great. It is a little slower than the more expensive phones. But at this price it's a killer....
phone battry 5000mh is good no tension once fully recharge at travelling. face recognition and fingerprint is smooth my friend suggest me too buy mi xomi inplace of this 48 mega pixel option availble where.but I wantnon china compny phone bycott china.so I prefer this n camera quality is not bad, also 3 time fast charging option. I am satisfy with the product. in mi phone lot of permission access option given also when not necessary hacking plb.
Its not up to the mark. Phn says its 6 gb ram but slows downs and even if thrs not many app on the phn. It also gets  heated up soon. Screen gets white with switching btwn apps.I guess not worth 18000.Anyday go for mi product the spend is worth it.
After usage of 30days --- Overall it is an OK phone,but there are lots of issues with the fingerprint sensor not working sometimes,sometimes the phone response is very slow.overall i feel that at this price Samsung should have provided a more stable phone(software) , but other than those issues the positives are the DISPLAY, Battery backup is pretty good.Camera is pretty good.
Worst phone, waste of money, slow processor, user interface is not good, edit button is not available in dial pad when you calling some one. Proximity sensor is not working properly,
Awesome phone in this price range.specially display and touch feed is great as usual in Samsung phone, really loved to bought this phone..*Camera quality is amazing*wide area lens works amazingly fine.*Battery Back up is awesome.*Super Amoled display ..wow..I love watching HD movies and videos in my M30 phone,really a great experience am experiencing.I suggest everyone to buy this phone it's amazingly  great in this price segment.
M30 is an amazing smart phone. If you want an excellent battery life,fast charging,awesome display, then this phone is the perfect choice for you in this price range... The thing that I dont like about this phone is that the face unlock feature and finger print scanner of this phone are not so fast and responsive but I think that Samsung will resolve these issues by providing further updates...Camera of the phone is good but not very great...
Good Product, fingerprint is unlock phone quickly  Camara quality is good,  full screen previer is awesome,  about  battery life running 2 days backup, quick charge full battery within about 2 hours, Sound quality is also good but no earphone is given by the Samsung.Overall phone good for this cost. I also good benefit with exchange of old phone.Thanks Amazon.
The phone has very bad Camera performance.  Has a TRIPLE CAMERA JUST FOR SHOW. Bad bad really bad Camera.  I tried to return the phone but they are not willing to take it back.  Really Unhappy with this purchase but now I am stuck with it.
Ordered on 7th march. I am using it from 16th March. Very nice battery backup. Screen is also very good.  Thanks to Samsung to bring this type mobile in this price range. Design is also very sweet.
Overall a good phone.1. Looks are amazing.2. Selfie shooter is great.3. Rear camera is stable and clicks good photos.4. Video watching experience is amazing with amoled screen.5. Sound is loud and clear in loud speaker and earphones both.In total the phone is jack of all trades. Not the best in this segment. But you get the trust of samsung . Ideal phone for people who don't play lots of games .
Very nice phone.Battery life is main advantage, compare to other phones.Touch also nice.Display quality also good.Sound clarity is good.Call voice is not much clarity.Rear camera is good for focusing image.Front camera not bad, above average.Fast charging is one of another attraction.Notification is not working properly, light is not blinking.Need more updates to clear all the negatives.
After using phone for more than two months I can say its a good mobile from Samsung for its price range.I loved its amoled display and was the only reason i purchased it.i m not into gaming or photography so can't say much but i think tripel camera captures good photos even in low light.Processor is fast enough to do all day to day stuff. So far its good.
my 1st samsung phone in only online category.fastest delivery by amazon so 5 stars for delivery process.Bought PHONE only for its AMOLED DISPLAY AND CAMERA.overall a very good phone but little bit over prized.Camera is awesome and no heating issue at all.5000 mah battery and fast charging support with in box fast charger makes is durable for long runs.finger print is quite fast.Overall good package with bit over prise just bcoz processser is quite lacking.
Its got amazing battery of 5000mAH and last for 1.5 days for me.. really impressive. Form factor is good.. good and loud sound quality (for the price).. But slight disappointment is the performance.. The face recognition camera is not highly responsive.. takes a second or two two login... Also touch is okay.. not amazing. may be this this is the best at this price. Google assistant is pathetic.Overall i think for this price its a good buy.
Excellent phone by samsung,Camera - Nice QualityFingerprint sensor - NiceAdvantage-Amoled display.-Always on display.-5000 Mah battery and runs 2 days.-Fast charging and 15W charger in the box.-Wide angle camera.-No heating no lagging.-Face unlock is very fast.-Mainly look is stunning.....-Very low radiation-Blue light filter-Lock screen story and stunning pics.
Very bad and bakwas processor. No good downloading speed. Don't purchase the phone who want the good speed in their phones. Only battery is good but we can solve that issue by purchasing power bank of 10000 mah for other good phones.Zero speed of downloading I HV seen in galaxy m30 i bought 18 june.Front camera is not good , who want good and clear selfies don't purchase. Very bad ....
This is the best phone from Samsung you can get in this Price. It has a 5000 mAH battery with a fast charger inside the box. I bet no other company provides a 15W fast charger inside the box under 20000. It has Super Amoled Display. And M30 got its 1.1 Version of One UI which uses Android Pie. Doesn't heat even after playing Pubg for long. Camera quality is Decent. Fingerprint is fast enough. What surprised me was it's face unlock. Best phone under 15K
This is my second time to use of Samsung mobile's, I just change my mind set that may be some addition of technology now Samsung mobile is good,But I was wrong that still no change in hanging problem,voice speaker problem, battery backup issue only 10hrs with randomly used.This is my 2nd and last chance to buy Samsung phone, I'll never suggest to any one that you need to buy Samsung mobile.
I received this Phone in a very bad state , it looked like it is already used by someone and has been repacked, the moments after unboxing I could see the fingerprints on the screen, even the do not accept seal was already broken, later when I tried to switch the device on, the phone got stuck with the Samsung logo for more than 20 minutes. Bad customer experience
1. Value for Money2. Superb Battery Life3. Amazing Large Screen and very smooth Touch4. Video viewing experience is brilliant5. The best part is Device storage space of 128GB6. Camera quality is below average. Dark images
Samsung m 30 phone looks is good but as expected Samsung old problem ki phone slow and CamaraIt had 3 Camara but not expected high quality photos mid rang phone like oppo vivo Camara better then m30Processor is not fastOver all not recommendedGo with Motorola one power
Best phone to buy in this price range and with the new udate of onui it offers you best performance  compared to other devices at this price point.According to  me the best part of this device is it's  battery life which helps you to use your device without worrying about charging it so you can enjoy your dayCamera quality is also very good especially its wide angle camera which helps in taking some fabulous landscapes shots
I'm unable to receive calls .. I don't know whether it's network issue of the sim or signal receiving capability of the device. Rear Camera quality is very nice& front camera is also comparitively far better than many other phone cameras. Charging is also withstanding until 1¹/² days if we don't use internet continuously... overall it's a good deal
plzz don't buy Samsung M30 4+64 , camera quality is very very poor as compare to 14,990 from any brand , after 30 days use the battery backup is worst 5000 mah battery after charging 100% only give 3 hrs by using mx player video, fast charging experience is also very very poor after 30 days use to charge from 40 % to 90 % it take 4 hrs (approx.)very very bad experience from samsung M30 4+64 . from this price plzz go to another brand
Very disappointed with this phoneCamera is not goodHeating issues are thereSpeaker volume is very lowDisplay is good indoors but stuggles outdoorsFast charging was good initially but after a week it's slowed down
Pros:Amazing DisplayGreat Battery life (Samsung phones known to degrade over time)Cons:Bloatware sucks all battery juiceimproper fingerprint scanner location - not comfortable to reach most of the timesNo Android pie
This is my third Samsung phone. I must say Samsung has changed a lot. Samsung has improved the overall performance of their phone. Having using M30 from approx 3 months I must say this is a flawless phone, from the looks to performance it has not yet let me down and I am damn sure this phone will continue to amaze me. The battery and camera performance is far more better than the top notch phone by other brands.Kudos to Samsung!!
Samsung Galaxy M30..Battery Backup = AmazingDisplay = AwesomeCamera = Not that much enough but its okBody = It is plastic but metal would be perfectSpeed = It doing their job greatly..No lagsSimply good phone for this range
After researching n let me tell you my first preference is always Samsung. Iam using A7 so trust is always there. Post buying this bang on this mobile again a true companion for me be it Metro or mall or Anywhere. Battery once fully charge can be used for 1 whole day listening music n playing game. Doesnt heat up n economical price. I am loving it
Phone display not working all of sudden - 18k phone dead in no time, need response immd.
It's a good phone for this price. The camera quality is great. Battery is amazing, if u don't use the phone, a max of 5% will only be lost in 5-6 hours. I'm happy with whtlat I chose.
My phone software problem.
There is a problem with the screen in this model. Not been even two months since bought, and the screen stopped working randomly. When I went to the Samsung store, they said that this is the 7th model that came in with the same problem.I advise you to not buy this phone
I feel that the 6GB RAM, 128GB storage and 5000 mah battery are enough to praise this product. Samsung products have amazing brand value too!!! All other aspects are negligible at this low price.
Software is not great. If I keep the auto rotate mode off and leave it to portrait mode, this phone keep everything in landscape mode. So unwillingly I have to keep the phone in auto rotate mode.Even though the tray is empty and the apps are in sdcard, with enough internal storage available, this device lags, slows down most of the time.Overall, not very satisfied with the product.
Samsung m30 is really amazing device in price segment with OLED screen and 5000mah battery plus fast charger in box. As a gamer gaming performance is also good i noticed no lag while playing Pubg. But the camera is noot much appreciating this has no proper pro mode and no slow motion recording no manual focus and no night mode so this has to be improved and the pie update should be given soon.
Likes:-Battery life is quite awesome,Camera is good too,Multiple apps can work easily at same time,No lags as such for now as been using from last 10 days approx.,No heating problems too,Have inbuilt auto call recorder too.Dislikes:-A bit slow in apps opening like PUBG,No much clear pics as pics got blurr when zooming them,Fingerprint sensor's a bit slow in detection.
Everything is ok.. Considering the price. But could have been built little better.. My fingerprint scanner got tilted in one side after 2 days of use. The touch screen is missing some inputs here and there. Performance is also ok, can see some stutter in heavy use. Not disappointed since I bought it only because of the battery and its awesome...
Bought phone on 16th ,and used till to the day , all functions are awesome  ,good battery till now , only I have to charge 2 time from 16 to 20 , only one missing is headset,  my friend bought from shop he got headphones with the pack , afterall phone is good ,value for money
Amazing product at wholesome priceAnd bringing medium range phones in competition loved samsung for this,good built quality and moderate battery with good camera samsung is always good with cameras
mobile got heated always.. its may be bomb.Don't buy..
Such a great phone I used ever. Light weigted, super battery backup, fingerprint reader is so quick, camera quality perfect. I am using this phone since last 4 months and cons till now. Everything is perfect. Thanks Samsung for giving such features in A reasonable price.If you want to buy Samsung Galaxy M30, go for it blindly. I am sure you will have a great and positive experience.
Phone is good. Just bit overpriced. No slow motion video, no barcode reader from camera.Battery is tricky, fast charging doesn't seems to be fast.Regular phone. Light in weight. Easy to carry. Touch sensitive is good. Color quality is good.Face recognition is bit slow and sometimes it just irritates you.Although phone is just good.
Samsung M30 cracked while it was in the front pocket f a loose-fitting paint.  The display side was facing toward my leg. I carried a hono play phone like this for 1 years and never had a problem. I've only had the phone about 1 months.samsung service centre man say physically damage and repair in rs 8500screen is ok ,only glass get a hair line crack but cant be replace he says.full screen is changed.
Good product for this price range with the brand name of Samsung.Screen quality is excellent with super amoled .Battery life is excellent with super fast charging with Type-C.Upadate to latest android version 1.1 pie has been given by Samsung within time.Fingerprint sensor works fine but not as fast as of other mi phones with same price range.Camera quality is so-so but good for the price range.
Product is good but not that point of company claims, the main issues are in security department fingerprint scanner and face unlock not secure, also some bug's are in the software division it's lags and hang the divice. The triple camera given by company are also not good just marketing purposes #third class camera at this price point
Battery stands for more than almost two days if i don't play games in it. Standby is simply awesome. And its pretty cheap when compared to other brands. I guess Samsung M series is the best mobile when compared to other brands in market, with price, n configuration. Am using M30 6gb ram 128gb space. Planning to upgrade to M40 soon. I suggest ppl who r looking for cheaper price with gud configuration can blindly go for Samsung M series.
A Bang on mobile phone which fulfills your all requirements in a price segment which is seeing a tough competition these days.Purchased Samsung Galaxy M30 last month and since then i haven't seen any issue.The mobile is totally a head on competition to all the other mobile phones available in the market today.No cons till date.Very much satisfied with the specs
I bought the phone on april last.Battery life, display, fast charging are the pros of the phone.Camera is total worse. I took the phone after going through many reviews. In the reviews its seen as 'ok' camera. But i find it poor. Its about the rear camera. Even after the latest updation nothing good happened in camera department.Display is jus awesome. Far much ahead of its competitors.
After many analyzation I was awaiting for this Samsung M30 and I'm happy that I got it as soon as its released and I'm very much pleased to see the camera quality and battery life. its been 3 months by now I'm using and It's so handy and user friendly and recently updated with one UI and it's very great to see features along with it. I strongly suggest to buy Samsung M30 and I find you will be amazed using it.
Good product value for money and it's back is stunning gradation blue colour look fantastic and no tension of break down of back as it's polycarbonate material it's camera quality is one of its best ,live focus is also good . If you think yo buy MI phone's then plz refuse and buy this one I also want to buy redmi 7pro but I buy this and I feel it's a good decision of mine to buy this Samsung's Galaxy m30 gradation blue .
Waste of money, don't buy. And worst service you will get. Camera quality is very #cheap. Not #Samsung standard. Phone calls problem. I have replaced first phone with camera issue. And next one also having the same issue. Don't buy this product. You will suffer like me. Fast charger they said but won't work n gets heated in 2 mins.failure in charging. I have many points to say. Plus don't buy this waste product.
The phone is so cool I like it very much and the cameras are also very cool the weight of the phone is very less the looks of the phone is very nice I love it thank u for this phone
The phone has an excellent battery life. For my usage it lasts somewhere close to 3 days. Camera could be better and slo-mo video should have been included. Live focus produces great pictures.Finger print reader is fast worth the value paid fornthe phone. Other than the slo-mo mode not being included, the phone is awesome and highly recommended. Cheers!
Its 6gb ram but feels like 1gb! Regret buying a non Qualcomm processor phone ! There is lag in everything. Scrolling,  typing , taking pics,  everything takes time to.load . Dont buy. And the worst part is Amazon does not have a return policy for phones. Disappointing
Good product by Samsung. This phone is better compared to Mi phones and others. However, battery backup is not 5000 mah but gives good standby and backup. Camera quality is not too good. No purpose of triple camera, it is just for show. No lags and hang are found. Overall design and notch is very good, gives a good fullscreen view. Samsung's experience version gives you good comfort while using it, a lot of new features are given.
I got a product which is defective. Firstly I have to say that I chose the m30 and after delivery I kept it for charging afterwards its display is continuously changing the colour. I complaint it for replacement but till now no any customer is contacted with me. I didn't got a complaint number, complaint related any message, or replacement. I will go to Consumer Court if they will not help me in matter of replacement.
1. Massive battery it will last upto 1.5 days easily.2. SAmoled display3. Recently updated with Andriod Pie with Samsung 1UI4. You can click decent photos with triple camera5. Faster face unlock...6. Great design with big screenIn 15k its amazing phone...just go for it without any second thought....
Im using this mobile from last 2 months, m30 is just ok-ok mobile. Before this handset I used to use J7 prime. All features are same as my last mobile. Display is good but serious problem with  this mobile is hanging. It hangs in every 2 hrs. I purchased 6GB 128G as per configuration it shouldn't be hang, it does. Unable to understand whats the problem with this.
Good Mobile Except Camera Quality Other wise good Notch Good Battery Backup Ui Interface too good compare too Other SamsungConsIt comes add some times it's hirriteing
Its battery life is awesome camera quality superb touch and finger print sensor are better than any other phone in this segment display quality is very good but it is very brittle and breakdown very easily if it slips from your hand just above your knee height then surely its outer glass will break very poor quality of glass used but overall this phone is worth buying no any issue related to hang or performance wise
Super waste of money.i even dont like to take it for free ifSomeone gifts me.Fhone gets hot like heater after 2 minutes of call.Samsung is a reputed company producing such a worst product..kudos to samsung for selling such a waste and amazon is doing well selling it on SALE.DisplayIs worst.Display Colour is pathetic.Only positive is battery.Rest this fhone is useless.Cost wise ..it should be in 8k range.
Every thing is great in this phoneBut the rear camera  is not good as per we expect from Samsung  in this price range the live focus not working  properlyAnd the rear is too good as per my expectationNd fingerprint reader is good it works very fast
Not upto the expectations but still good.Ambient light sensor is really poor,finger print scanner is also very poor face unlock is just a toy.I call c.care for assistance but they didn't assisted me appropriately.they told me to download an Amazon certified app for mobile diagnosis and after download they didn't give any code for taking it on remote.
Till now this phone is very nice except one problem  which is heating..also i want to suggest  u that take review in every 6 month. Battery backup was too good in my opinion. Which is most important  nowdays . One important  thing is that i always dined  to buy a samsung phone becoz of hang problem..i alway hear this from other buyers..  but first time i have purchased  so don't  disappoint  any buyer of samsung..
Its a great value for money product. The AMOLED display is one of the prominent feature and provides a great movie watching experience.Battery life is also good and charges comparatively fast.Fingerprint scanner is also accurate but has a small delay while unlocking.But with samsung UI, the overall performance is good. The one UI also blends well and overall it gives a premium mobile experience.
Its a poweful punch by smasung on the face of many midrange smartphones makers. Its has smooth performing processers with high battery efficiency evne in heavy usage like gaming. It has quite good camera with perfect skin tone and details.and fingerprint and face unlock are also quite accurate and fast. and with amoled screen it gives premium look.so in this price range it is one of the best smartphone right now.
FIRST OVERALL THE PHONE IS GOOD....NEGATIVE POINT IS THE FACE RECOGNITION.... IT DOESNOT RECOGNISE FACE IN DIM LIGHT AND FORGOT ABOUT NIGHT TIME IT DOESNOT RECOGNISE AT ALL.... WHERE AS OTHER MOBILES WORK EVEN AT NIGHT TIMES....BATTERY BACK UP IS EXCELLENT.... THE PHONE GETS LITTLE HEAT VERY RARE..... IF YOU NEED FAST CHARGING THEN DO NOT PLAY ANY MUSIC OR VIDEO WHILE CHARGING.....
Worst product I have ever used. The camera stopped working and now isn't working even after trying a factory reset. Notification bar says torch is on when it is not, and Google assistant keeps opening randomly. Not worth even 10k.
Its a great smartphone in this range with great features.As always ,samsung is great with providing updates to its products. Loved it's battery life(huge 5000 mAh).Also kinda impressed with company's initiation with Type C charging port in this range. But it would be good if company brings update to the camera,which by the way is capturing noise in low light. Other than that I'm enjoying the phone at my fullest.
Battery Life & Fingerprint Sensor working properly, but Camera Quality is Poor compare with this range other mobile, camera quality wide angle with depth camera working properly but camera pixel is shown on your image, Front camera is not good because camera giving in image extra brightness with glowing not a natural photo..overall compare with my old Mobile Samsung Galaxy J6 was very good to this New phone M30.
1 of the main reasons for me to buy this phone was battery backup. Yes, it does justice here. But in other areas such as camera, touch, fingerprint scanner, face recognition ,etc it's not upyo the mark. Hence my verdict is 3.5 out of 5. I am happy for its battery backup but others may want more elsewhere.
In the range of 18k-19kM30 is the best phone to buy...I just writing this review after using this phone for 1 month.. At the time of purchase i am little bit disappointed because it comes with android oreo but now Samsung resolves my this issue too by upgrading it to PIE.. Thanks Samsung for such a nice device...One suggestion also company must have to provide earphones with this device too...
After using it from last 4 days..!Like:-Battery life just AwesomeFinger Print sensor works greatGrip is PerfectLooking wise it is simple and GoodDislike:-Camera is not that much worth as many other companies providing well camera quality in this range.
The best thing about this phone is phone's battery life. It's really awesome. I start using this phone at 45% battery tomorrow and battery is now 20%. The camera feature is brilliant.. The face recognition is also fast but the fingerprint unlock is quite slow but overall phone is awesome..All things such as ram management, battery life, charging speed etc is good.
The phone performance is so so. I have purchased 128gb with 6 gb model. A piece of advice, this handset is not able to support Pubg and it lags most of the times. Other than that if you do not want to do gaming it is fine. Better go for redmi note 7 pro instead.
The camera quality is below average. The Redmi Note 7s, which comes around 13k has better camera resolution.No slow motion too. One UI is good, no ads. But too many crappy Samsung apps.
Product delivered defective, minor damages in the corners, rear camera not so good
No Knox SecurityNo Samsung Pay MiniNo Android PieNo Samsung One UINo Secure FolderNo Front Flash ScreenFace unlock feature useless as it doesn't detect if your eyes are closed, so anyone can unlock while you are sleeping15k when we are giving these features we expect when these are available in small budget phones.
Very nice phone in this range..best quality..best battery backup...camera is good not best..screen brightness is little less...rest everything is good in this range..
good product in this price segment. Some time applications like chrome and camera stops running, but it think it is a software issue and Samsung will rectify this with the next android update.and very important Split screen feature disappeared after updating to android pi.Samsung have some cool feature also like calling scrren UI, dial pad , galleryOverview: go for it, very good product.
PROS:+Excellent device for multimedia consumption thanks to the beautiful AMOLED screen.+Battery life is too good.CONS:—The software is not seamless. Still no Android 9 Pie based One UI. The device stutters every now and then.—Processor is not the best in the segment. Redmi Note 7 Pro and realme 3 Pro have way more powerful processors.
The front camera is ok but the rear camera is not upto the mark even the front camera clicks has some pixel issues. Overall it's a good phone in this range..everything else works smoothly
I am using Samsung M30 last 4 months and its working awesome. Day to day auto clear cache help you to improve mobile stability. 5000mah its huge battery life, great selfies also live focus mode, super amoled display quality very good also like RAM management means multiple apps running background without hanging mobile.Last update Samsung one UI working fine with new features
I would recommend m20 than m30 because both have same processor but m30 have amoled display which is far better that tft displayBecause of display , battery is consume more like i just watch 2 movie which approx 4 hr(total) & battery drained (100-90) to around 40%.Camera is just great but sometimes photo are has not details photo as my old phone(le 1s)
1 month baad hi apne aap display kharab ho gya . Low quality of materials
Amazing phone... Awesome price... Plus made in India phone... And Samsung brand is Korean and not Chinese... So overall best phone to buy... Gone are the days when Chinese used to make phones with cheaper cost (and quality)... go back Xiomi hauwai one plus all Chinese phones
Nice phone
Everything is really good battery life is also crazy.Only thing that bothered me was that being a glass bodied phone it would have been better if Samsung would have used gorilla glass botv in front and back like most of its competitors. There is a little lag in fingerprint scanner.Regards.
Satisfied with the quality against given price...Happy with Samsung!
Overall phone is goodConsCamera super in good lightBattery is amazing with quick chargeFace unlock quick responseS-amoled display is amazingLight weightFront cam is amazingConsPolycarbonate bodyDolby atmos not upto the mark
Galaxy M30 mobile purchased from Amazon on 15th June 2019. I have issues with this product. There is a gap between front and back panel of mobile. Like  front camera upper side. And also when I received the mobile,  that time inside of the box and mobile coated plastic covered with dust.
Best thing I liked about M30 is the battery life, it easily lasts upto two days and also it supports fast charging. Camera quality is also good and overall performance is impressive. Also you get samsung support. I will totally recommend M30 for this price range.
M30 was a super quality budget phone in this price range handoff to dual tone color on backside and design battery backup and slightly gud camera phone has  a great speed compare to other phones of tis price range loved the way it was running apps,especially pubg
Best battery life.Beautiful screen and display work very well..Fingerprint is average .The camera quality is good,their are various mood in camera to take good photosAnd the charging speed is very good ..the charge is very fast..The phone looks beautiful 🥰
powerful battery. lasts 36hrs with above average usage. no heating issues. camera performance below expectation. feels classy and sturdy to handle. takes 2 hrs to charge.
Most amazing phone camera quality is good and other features as well gaming experience of this phone i use to play pubg  on this phone if you have a better internet connection then it's very smooth but when you play it on low connection it will sometime over all the phone is good in this price range
I received samsung's m30 gradation blue on 25th Apr,  same as it is mentioned in description.  It's color and looks very attracted me.  Specially cameras &  fingerprint reader working excellent.  sAmoled FHD + display is very nice.  5000mAh battery along with 3 x fast charger is great.
Display ink speed issue observed within 1 month and it's happened suddenly without any mobile dropped/damaged. Samsung service centre not accepting this as under warranty. This is huge loss for me , i have to spend extra 6K for display now.My experience is very bad for M30 mobile
Amazing battery backup.Camera doesn't seem to be that good. Could have been better.Touch sensor doesn't work all the times.But for 15k and Samsung brand we can go ahead for this spec.May be because of theses reasons, customers from Samsung are moving towards One Plus (Sorry)
This phone is value for money. It has a fast fingerprint scanner, impressive design, 5000 mah battery with type c fast charging, super amoled display with water drop notch, triple camera setup which includes wide angle camera. What else do you want? This is much for a 15000 phone. Good job Samsung!
The new Samsung M30 is totally user friendly,the camera quality both rear and front is amazing and upto the mark,the screen display and battery life is superb,the finger print sensor is commendable..in all I would suggest this phone to everyone as it is the best phone you could get in this range.😊
This phone  has big network issue. You will never see 100% network on your display even if you are outside or on terrace.Which leads to slow surfing and voice breakage. U cant even replace because samsung will check your phone when you log an issue which will say your phone has no such issue.
Pros:Great Battery and display is fantastic.Beautiful images captured in daylight, Wide Camera images are a great plus.Cons:Not so good when capturing with low light conditions.Software issues in loading thumbnails from gallery while sharing through apps like Facebook or whatsapp.
the mobile appears not of that speed of 6GB RAM and face unlock is not that fast 50% times it syas try bio metric the mobile is ok and it is plastic body. Not worth the price you pay
Excellent smartphone in this price category. Finger Print Reader and Face Lock are amazing. Battery lasts long for 2 days. Multitasking in this device is great. Camera quality and options like Ultra Wide, Live Focus are excellent. Its Great 6.4" display is quite amazing. This phone is comparatively better tha Oneplus 7
I do not have any words to describe. This is far better than C9 pro mobile. the performance is superb. the touch is so smooth and finger print sensor is instant. face unlock even in darkness is excellent. love this phone
For a user like me who's phone usage is limited, this phone is the perfect choice. Amazing screen size and updated android and software version makes this phone more consumer friendly. But Samsung can work on the screen guard,  since M30 doesn't have gorilla glass. Overall this phone is excellent.
Front camera quality very low clarity and issue of mirror selfie.Back camera, little bit ok.Fingerprint reader gets hanged in sometimes.Batterylife is little better comparing to other mobile in same segment.But this mobile little gud for using
Battery life is excellent. 5/5Camera quality.  4/5Finger print reader.  4/5Overall- 4/5
"Dust in camera lens of my Samsung Galaxy M30"The only thing I dislike about the device is that in my device the dust stick inside the camera lens and I don't have any idea of how it is so..
This is an amazing phone according to its price range.Pros:- Good battery life  Perfect screen  Superb touch and functions.  No hanging.Cons:- No headphone
Phone is good. Camera not good. I had Lenovo P2 earlier and this one's camera is not even comparable. Take those 3 cameras and give one of decent quality
Battery runs for 1day only,Touch screen response is slow.Processor is not as fast as expected.
The product is awesome in this price range. I am happy. Got it within two days. Screen is awesome feels great!
Please dont buy this phone  loss your money , no response to return this mobile , While charging the phone  produce lot of heat on mobile cum charger and also discharge battery immediately. Please don't buy online mobiles no one response possitive. better option go to local mobile store. Cheating
Good product better than expensive smart mobiles. I have been using expensive mobiles but after wasting money on expensive mobiles for many years tried this mobile as wanted to use JIO sim. Found it to be at par with expensive mobiles. Perfect value for money.
Good product better than expensive smart mobiles. I have been using expensive mobiles but after wasting money on expensive mobiles for many years tried this mobile as wanted to use JIO sim. Found it to be at par with expensive mobiles. Perfect value for money.
Face recognition is utter flop. Phone will unlock even when eyes are closed. If you don't  use back case, you'll  find it difficult  to locate fingerprint  sensor.Hope an update would fix things 🙆‍♂️Battery doesn't work as expected. Signal reception is very bad.
Love fast charging, battery backup, camera, wide angle photos, looks and design, storage option and network coverage, displayNo cons. So far
Overall it's a very good Smartphone, uf we see price quality relation. Also battery life is awesome you'll come to end of the day easyly with more than 20%. Camera quality is ok, not the best but it had interesting features. The fingerprint reader works perfect, location is not that comfortable.
The specifications mentioned for this product are not convincing as it has been shown.It hangs a lot.Fast charging is in reality not as fast as it has to be and even camera quality is average.finger print sensor is i think worst amongst all the mobiles which i had earlier used.
I like to mob structure and clr
worst phone, when you call some one first you remove two adds, after call, if you close the call four adds removable mustTooooooooooo worst phone for calling, because adds remove and  sound out put low.any one select this please choose another one
Very nice phone with awesome features specially wide angle lens camera and fast changing. It also has nice and smooth clutter free user interface apart from that brilliant Samoled display which is crisp and produces great colour. OVERALL its total value for money phone.
Very good product by Samsung at this budget range, battery life is very good, processor is smooth and camera quality is also very good but fingerprint scanner is quite slow this is only bad thing I not like in this phone. Otherwise thus product is best in class and value for money.
In every 4-5 days...mobile micro phone not working properly.. i have do restart phone every time to talk some one properly on call.....I gone to service center also to solve the problem.. but no still problem not resolved and they are doing software update every time...
Phone is too good at this price bt I think it's working slow..for multiple files..bt overall its excellent.battery is working excellent bt performance is not so well.Touch sometimes working slowly.
I cancel my earlier unhappy  review which was because of my ignorance about some settings. Now I am so happy with it.  Camara is very good.  Display is also very good.  All othwr features are also excelllent. Sorry Samsung / Amazon / Guys for my earlier negative review.
Good Battery lifeGood CameraNotch displayU shape highlighteroverall great experience
Don't believe any review on youtube or anywhere you can go for itIt can run pubg nicelyAfter update of one ui it is more reliable and i am love to use itDon't go for other phones ony for their soc or processorLove Samsung love m30They have actully done a great job
To be very honest, there is no slow motion effect in this phone but the display quality of this phones is absolutely amazing. There are no lags while playing a high graphic games for  example Pubg and Asphalt. The device is quite practical in use and the fingerprint sensor is quite responsive.
This is best at this priceLiked,Battery backup 3 days (Normal users) and fast chargingCamera quality very good especially wide camera featureIt's Android Pie versionAudio quality of speaker goodFinger print sensor is quick responsive
This is almost the best mobile phone in this price range. The features including fingerprint reader and face unlock are great. Battery never loses power and just takes one charge for the whole day. Also the camera quality is pretty good and is suitable for the current price range.
Gradient blue on the back side of the phone is marvelous. Camera quality of the phone is very good .triple lens feature in this phone has a good quality. Phone even after 3-4 months doesn't hang . System UI is quite easy to use with more gestures. Gaming in m30 has good graphics.
Its 2 month of uses......hanging.....bulid quality  very poor......3 time dust come rear camera........so much hang ....and its may ...no update .........disappointed  phone ....when you buy you also disappointed........faltu phone h .....es se acha radmi note 7 pro lelo i made mistake ...plz you not....
Camera could have been better.. in certain modes pixelation comes out as obvious... battery is good... rest works like a charm....display is very good... blue light filter and low sar value are good point... phones is pleasing and does not cause eye strain
I am perfectly satisfied with the product.I dont feel any cons.CAMERA QUALITY is awesomeFINGERPRINT READER  sometimes seems not is to reach.May be bcoz i have used a phone with fingerprint reader in front.Battery life seems to be good....
Overall look and design is cool, battery life is nice but less then expectations, face recognition is not cool its take lots of time and sometimes doesn't work, gaming experience is good but not expected, display color is more than expected and I loved it.
NO EARPHONE IN THE BOX..I FEEL BAD WHEN I DIDNT SEE EARPHONE IN THE BOX AND CAMERA HAS NO NIGHT MODE BUT OVERALL PHONE IS GOOD..PHONE SCREEN IS VERY GOOD..5 OUT OF 5 FOR SCREEN.BATTERY BACK UP IS ALSO GOOD.PROCESSOR SHOULD HAD TO SNAPDRAGONS IN THE PHONE BUT ITS HAVING EXYNOS.UPSET FOR PROCESSOR
Some times fingerprint reader is not accepting fingerprints. Rear camera clarity is a bit lesser than that of front camera clarity even though the former one is having more megapixels. I am satisfied with battery life but adoptive charging is a bit slower than other fast charging mechanisms.
Awesome phone at this price range.camera quality is very good. excellent battery life which will last for 2,3 days without 4g.  Radiation level is comparatively very less. Fingerprint radar option is very handy. Using for the last 2,3 months and no complaints at all.
Phone is amazing but the processing speed is very low. Cameras are ok. It keeps battery for long time since it has 5000mah battery. But the phone hang problem is also seen in this phone. Overally this phone is not value for its money.
M30 is best phone in this budget, first time bought cheaper phone but it has full worth.battery life is fabulous, no need to carry phone charger every time.even it replaced my primary Samsung note9 usage at secondary. Fingerprint reader and camera quality is best in the segment.
Good battery back up, camera,Little bit hanging is thereGot android latest updateVoice n music quality goodCan work multiple apps same time.
Everything is good.. Best midrange mobile with super amoled display.  But need to improve alot in camera session. Samsungs midrange phone cameras are not better comparingg to other mobiles. Game (pubg) is lagging in medium nd hd mode. Need to fix this. Other than these.  Its the best budget smartphone.
Dont belive fake ratings...you love with this..good proccessor.camera batery everything sooper in this price....best screen resolution..loved it....samsung the best always...
After update it has charging problem...showing again and again check your phone and charger connection it has connected properly even if every thing is normal.Fingure print reader works fast, camera quality is very good and phone's battery life is awesome 5000 mah battery long lasting
Its undoubtedly an amazing phone has everything a guy needs in it. However greedy people like me expects the slow motion feature along with what i got was alittle dissapointed when i learnt that it doesnt have this feature. However, I am happy with the rest of the features. Its a great buy!
guys this phone is one of the best from samsung....all good....specialized on battery....decent camera...good performance....but if u r a PUBG lover then this is not for u....u can't play PUBG for hour &hour with this....otherwise this is just fantastic...love it...
Very disappointed.. I switched on phone & phone is hang within 5 minutes, no any buttons operate.,I suggest to dont purchased any one..
This is the absolute best choice for a none gamer.a month before,when i bought the phone my only alternate was redmi note 7 proBut i am completely satisfied this phoneOffline games are at its peek but note online games but really outstanding battery lifeAnd camera quality
First of all ..thank you to Amazon for delivering this product in just one day.  I am using this phone from a week and I just love this product . Battery backup is awesome . This phone looks very lavish. I feel amazing to hold it into my hand. Samsung M30 is really a good phone to go for .
Sound quality is very low. I cannot  hear any sound from the speaker below. All I can hear is the sound coming out near the finger print sensor. Apart from that everything works perfectly. I think there is some problems with this handset. What will I do? Can I replace  it with another one?
Overall the Samsung M30 is good but not a awesome phone. The touch screen is not that active with the screeguard. Fingerprint sensor is average and senses late. Camera is also not good at this price range.
1.fingerprint:it's ok,not so fast. But ok,it's given backside of d phone.2.camera quality is ok,for this price,but not so good,or bad.,Samsung must improve more,for clarity.3.battery is very good,I m using two days.but still its not drain,for that I can give 5satr.
Honestly saying don't buy this phone. Ringtone is very slow. Camera disappointed. Loud speaker is very very very very poor. Total waste of money. Go for another one. Waste of money.
The phone is very good but phone rear camera got dust inside it. How can I get rid of this dust . Because of it the rear camera pictures are not clear. Please let me know what should I do.
Samsung M30  totally iam satisfied.Fingerprint is amazing. It's very speedy.Camera quality is super nothing to say that.I think my M30 battery life in 3 days.It's long life.  Features in amazing. No hanging No heatingTotally this set is wonderful.
Last few months i m uasing m30 mobile perfomance is very nice .one of the best part is that the battery lasts long 5000mAh & fast charge.the dolby digital features helps me listen to music in high quality sound with a beautiful. Overall the phone looks better than anyone..i loved it.....m
The fingerprint scanner is really quick and is really good for the price.The camera is ok for the price but nothing great.The pictures are average at best and the portrait feature is just a gimmick.The battery life is really great and you get around 5 to 6 hours display time.
First of all I want to say one line for this handset.It's been since 2 days now I m using the mobile.Premium Amoled displayLooks great in hand but bit sloppy so should be carried with caseBattery last long for a day for all day internet usage thanks to 5000mah
In M30 finger print sensor works very well.Battery life is amazing.About camera it's autofocus is fast and it takes really good looking photos.Perfomence is smooth.Display is colourful,vivid and really high quality.Audio is excellent with earphones.Finally it is Jack of all creative mind.
Purchased the 6+128 variant for my wife as a gift and she really liked it .Performance,display,music,battery life,RAM,Processor are the Pros.Only Con i felt is the loud speaker because it is too low.Thanks for reading this short and brief review.
M30 mobile very bad experience there contunuous network issue but service center also not resolve this issue. i found issue 1and half month this issue.samsung service is very bad. they not suportto customer and as per them customer is wrong andmthey not provide proper service
Mobile i like very much and im satisfied 100%.I have purchased mobile one week before and im happy very much.Morning 9 am mobile started using and now came from office charge is 32%.Charge is not reducing.Im happy go ahead to purchase confidenly.
Dont buy this product..ekdam bakvas..3 mahina hua he ye phone liye hue..3 mahine me 2 bar service center me diya..samsung is now not samsung..samsung me ab pahele jesi quaĺity nahi he..m series ekdam bakvas he..mene m20 bhi liya he..wo bhi hang ho raha he..so dont waste money
This m30 is perfect look wise , display ( super amoled), and Battery is litterly beast 👌👌. Day light photography is quite good but only drawback is that the camera in low light is very average  and another drawback is prossseor speed is week . Overall this is for u if u compromise with prossseor.
The Samsung M series  is the best from all its S and J series .The phone has all that Amazon has said
Lookwise mobile is good.Camera is just good.Fingerprint sensor is disappointing takes time to unlock.Screen sensor not work after disconnecting call.After buying mobile within duration of 2 months mobile got hang 4 times.Overall the mobile is dissatisfying.
The phone is really good, esp the battery life and camera clarity. Its been around a month since I bought it and have loved it. The only "could have been better" thing which I feel is the battery pin. It is different from conventional ones and so we need to carry the charger everywhere.
LikesEverything is gud at this price below 15000DislikesCamera is not upto the markDaylight camera is superb but in dark conditions there is not at all details present in the pics and processor may be still better and android 9 pie should be provided soon .
Camera quality is average ,I have purchased Samsung  for camera but it disappointed me.no slow motion video .finger print and face unlock is slow .battery is ok . It's my first Samsung device and my experience with Samsung is not good ,m disappointed.
The performance of this M30 is awesome. Finger print is very easy n useful. Quaoity of Camera excellent.  Though i am keeping on Mobile Data, battery life is existing for one n half days. Thanks Samsung
It seems like Samsung start selling ads instead of phone, after usage of 1 week, phone start getting hang even though I have installed only 4 - 5 applications other than pre loaded like banking, whatsapp...
This mobile is superb. Overall configuration and c port charger nice. Feels like we have a very expensive mobile. But rear camera should be at least 16 mp or other wide angle should be 8 mp.. Like in 26, 5, 8 ratio. It would be more better but this is also nice.
I would like special thanks to  Samsung, really very Nice Mobile. Out-Look awesome, running smooth, Christal clear voice, I have faced no problem form last 1 month And also Thanks to Amazon, delivered on Time and Safe. Thank you.
Worst phone ever. Had a slight fall. Just like a small scratch that can be seen only if u see carefully and the entire display went for a toss. Cost of changing it Rs.7500. Like 50% of price for screen. Its a very delicate phone.
The phone is best for all purposes,  I play games,browse read a lot. The battery backup is excellent comes for full day with wifi or Mobile data on. The phone is equipped with best charger which charges quickly.Good camera ..not as good as A50.
Only battery are bestFail processor fail cameraDon't buyPlastic designLo qualityDust leak in camera side because of low qualityPlz don't buy
Build quality is average . Camera have simple features like focus mood, no slow motion video . type C cable length is very less. face recognition works even eyes closed.  Its good for users who work in office have to take lot of calls, watched videos  and very less gaming .
Last week I had purchased this phone. It's very good and awesome phone. Very good battery backup more than 24 hrs. Daily watching YouTube videos almost 4 hrs only 5% battery consumed. Camera quality is also very good. Touch is working very smoothly.Thanks
I am using this phone last 10 days and it is a very good phone from Samsung in such a good price range. Camera quality is good, screen size and look is very attractive, the features are good. I am very much satisfied with this product and yes for timely and safe delivery from Amazon.
The mobile which I got 1st time is fully not satisfied because phone continously got hanged and 1 day got suddenly dead. So I contacted amazon for replacement and 2 inspection service has done and finally they gave replacement and now the mobile is working great and no problem still now.
Very good product at this range. Samsung came back strong in market.
Everything works great. Techies it is the phone you love. I loved it soo muchhh. The one and only drawback is that they do not include earphones in the box. Rest it is one of the best phones you can buy..
Phone looks is nice, battery back up good, camera is good which also include wild angle capturing.Happy that made good decision. Using Samsung for first and loving it. Didn't find much of flaws till now. Phone using experience is good. Would like to prefer this phone with this budget.
Such amazing phone battery life is really too good and all other Samsung apps is wonder... I'm using from last 4-5 months even single hanging problem i not get, Os is simply super compare to mi note 7 pro overall very worth and superb mobile... but please improve rear camera quality..
I am very happy with my Samsung M30 mobile in this price range. All specification are excellent. Fingerprint reader also good, it's open within few seconds. Camera quality of samsung phone always excellent. I am very happy with it battery life. I recommend everyone to buy this mobile.
I baught this mobile in march 19...Charging with company charger take 2 hours and battery life is 30-45hours...using every feature. Processor is good and convenient gaming can be done.  Best thing is the display...SMOLED display is very bright and colorful and best mobile in 20k range
I have got a phone with a dead pixel on the screen and face recognition is not working as expected.I requested for replacement, Amazon delaying the replacement and saying it would take 10 days for the replacement.Completely disappointed with the Amazon service.
Shifted from Samsung S6 edge to M30 and there are many features which was available in high end S6 phone are now available in M30 plus there many additional features such as Triple camera, 2 days battery life, big screen, dual sim and many more.....
 Poor body fitting. scratchable display and body. Touch not working properly. I have already visit Samsung care he has no solution.
Back camera not very good
Outside looks is good . Display ,touch, and Sound quality is so good ,Front camera so nice image quality is also good ,back camera picture quality is medium.Low lite photo would be better.  Battery life is good.Over all the phone is good quality at this price.
I am more found of pictures.Camera quality is amazing. The picture are so real.Battery life is as mentioned.  The batter charger really charges the phone quickly. If the battery is at 2% it still doesn't drain quickly the phone is alive for min 30 min...
The phone is very good for its price. However the camera is not very good and does not give out natural colours. Too much of image processing applied in the background.If you’re not a camera person don’t worry, this phone works perfectly otherwise.
Samsung m30 is just awesome,always better than other companies phone.the camera quality of this phone just epic.especially wide angle camera.biggest battery life compare than other phone,and its fingerprint reader is quicker.. thank you Samsung for this awesome mobile...Samsung m30😘
I haven't seen such a worst quality phone ever built by Samsung. For this type of poor quality manufactured product a flash sale was definitely not an option ... Just 2 months of usage and the touch is not responding and the service centre are asking for RS 7000 to repair the screen.
Sensor is not working properly, when it is comes to auto rotation it's damn bad . Totally defected piece .if u take photos in landscape mode it goes in protect mode or completely showing in a reverse way.It's creating nonsense and very bad experience while using the phone
Phone is nice with better camera quality and it's battery life is osm but some improvements are needed like video stability and UI improvement. Hope Samsung will provide these updates soon because we have believe on it.
Nice phone with good camera quality and selfie camera. On screen flash is best. Battery is excellent.Large screen gives better. Best value of money
Camera is not good,even you can not return it.I am very disappointed by this as I have bought mobile from flip kart but they have returned the money when it was not satisfactory.Really disappointed this time from Amazon
It capture good photos in natural light but just ruin in artificial light.m was expexctinvg better experience as it is 3 camera phone..Face reconization is lil bit slow than mi phones..Overall it a fantastic phone - camera
Very bad , Maine Samsung m30 kahridkar apna 15000 ka Nuksaan kiya 2 sin achha Chala lekin 2 din bad fingerprint scanner aur pin lock ne kam karna band kar diya .mai abhi bahut pareshan hu.Multimedia voice bhahut slow hai.koi mat kharidna .My contact no. Is 8899044441 sandeep saini
The battery backup in this smartphone...I really liked it...Display is also awesome....Ultimate camera.....Excellent processsor....Finger print sensor is very quick...Face unlock is ultimate....Very fast charging.....
As we know  about samung phones display is very good.Cons -This phone is getting hang repeatedly on first day use and restarting automatically.  This phone has some serious issue in Samsung UI. I will give 3 star to this product and not recommend to buy this phone.
Super experience .thank you Amazon and also Samsung. Far better than redmin note 7 pro.i recently used it
It's a good phone but as per price point of view, it's a bit expensive. Redmi note 7 pro is better than this phone, I have both phones and I have tested them on various levels.
An awesome phone with wonderful features in budget range.Impressive charging speed.Seamless lock unlock with all security features in place.Nice camera (both- front and rear).For me it's a good upgrade after Samsung quattro
it is too heatedits calling sensor is not work goodand bettery is not like as 5000mah
Prefect crystal clear photography, Nice fingerprint detector, smooth running of the device without any lag, variety of new features, and loved the night mode the most. But doubt on battery life, thought maybe it can be my illusion...never mind a very nice phone to buy! COST WORTHY!
Been using the m30 for a couple of months...and i just have to say that its been doing well enough in every segment ..its got a good design, awesome display, bigger battery than others,good on performance etc.. but all that make me disappointed that it has no notification light ...
Faced black screen of death issue on 11th day of purchase date. Couldn't get replacement since the return policy is only for 10 days.Camera is okay, battery not upto the mark. Didn't expected it from Samsung, it didn't even last a month. Wouldn't recommend.
A good option of latest mid range smart mobile phone. The user's manual found to be not part of the kit, which in my opinion is MUST for every model being is specific in nature and use. Essential for smooth utility and proper handling of the instrument.
I am almighty satisfied with the phone and can't really find any flaws to make an issue of it. Others who have a greater in depth technical knowledge may find faults but a layman like me is thoroughly smitten by the Super Amoled display and the huge memory.
Proximity sensors not working properly and some time showing graphic error while calling. Slow working compared to other 4gb ram phone. No one tap call end, it want double tap on call ending button. Fingerprint sensor not working some time.
I liked the camera quality that cannot be compared to other phones and live focus option in it. The fingerprint reader is helpful to unlock the phone easily within a second and battery life is just awesome, it will long last for more than 24 hrs after the usage of excess internet.
Amazon should seriously consider looking into packaging.The phone box was all crushed and bent...Though the phone was safe but the box has gone shabby.It is a great phone, have been using it since a day long...Pubg lags a bit in medium settings.
Heating and hanging....and when you usage phone during charge phone some time automatica off and screen does not work during this period
I am using these phone more than 30 days and its going great and the battery life of this phone is awesome and camera quality is also great but only i am not satisfied is with phone speakers samsung has to work on there speakers quality,otherwise the phone is great...
After two months review ...so far good.. excellent performance, good battery backup, light weight and superb one.
Con  : 1.Essential Accessories like Screenguard and Back Cover were not included with the phone pack.Pros : 1. Superb Battery Power of 5000 mah (3 days working) with Fast Charging and usb type C cable provided.  2. Camera works well.So. overall nice mobile in mid range.
Can't ask for a better phone in this price range.. camera s good.. battery is excellent.. best part is the screen though..go for it..
I've been using this phone for a quite while now, all i can say is that the battery backup of the phone is amazing. The new blue light filter is also great. In short the phone has got everything, which someone would want in a phone. Samsung has done a really great work this time.
Excellent battery life. Lasts 1 complete day even after excessive use. May last 2 days with moderate use. Camera quality is very good. Face unlock is quick.  Recently android pie was also rolled out for this model. Overall extremely pleased and happy with the phone's performance.
Things I likeScreen qualityBattery  lifeUSB type c portThings  don't  likeCamera  averageUI STILL SAMSUNG  EXPERIENCE  9.5 NOT LATEST ONE UI
Overall very good. Speaker volume is low. FM radio reception quality is poor  when compared to low cost  mobile phones of other less popular brands. Samsung should consider reducing prices for online sales to be competitive.
Very nice this sumsung product & very nice samoled display this phone.M30 mobile system is very good. Camera result best to other phone.Thank you for sumsang this mobile m30.
Nice phone but in some manner I will deduct the point fingerssensor work slow.during the game phone lack do much .the camera quality is good at daytime but in night image get lots of noise . overall the phone is good in this budgets...if Samsung improve its processor
Awesome budget phone inbuilt with great fingerprint scanner awesome selfie and wide camera having 5000 mh huge battery .....thanks Samsung for this , one thing missing that is super slow motion please provide this feature....Agar ye mil jaye to aag laga de ye .....😙
If a phone can not survive falling from 1.5 ft despite having cover and tempered glass then I would it the worst quality phone.I have used  note 3 ,J7 pro and now M30 all had the same issue durability and I will highly recommend not to buy samsung phones.
Please dont buy...
Simple and good for day to day life fb watsapp and casual browsing. The battery us awesome with its quick charge. Wonderful display for consuming video content while in travel. Battery drops slower with videos. Overall can go for it.
Have now used this phone for like 1 week! One thing is for sure, it is a good smartphone. Lags a bit in the camera department. The Super Amoled screen is a major plus point.
Mobile overall performance is good for a budget phone by Samsung. Battery, Camera & storage is excellent.
This Smartphone is worth to buy for normal users.Good battery life.Great screen with high resolution. Great phone under 18000Rs.This phone also have good camera with good features. This phone is not good for high game seekers. Best phone in this segment.
Good battery life , camera is averAge, finger print sensor is worst
ProsBattery life is minimum 1 day for heavy userDisplay is amazingType c fast chargingThe blue colour is really coolConsCamera is not that amazing. Low light imaging can be improvedFinger print sensor is slow as compared to other phones
sometimes  FINGERPRINT  IS NOT RECOGNIZING ,which disappointed a lot to me.After FEW WEEKSHANGING  A LOT EVEN YOU WON'T ABLE TO WORK WITH APPS .game is so far.SAMSUNG =HANGSUM
nice my girlfriend love itthank you specially to amazon for one day delivery without any prime membershipi just order at 7/march and i got at 8/marchbut i just to wanna say to amazon that get some stock of m30 covet & casesthank you
Worst Phone in this world, In every minute it's hang, it's so irritating..every time if you open to any aap, it's stopped and takes few minutes  to continue..
Best in Class & Value for Money.Only just one dislike for me that phone got hot when it was on charging.
The product is fantastically fantastic in this range if you are looking for this do not hesitate to make it yours you are getting equivalent to A50 in this range..Camera is best.Fingerprint is slightly slower.Battery is best
Fake reviews ko na dekhe mobile bahut badyia hai. main last 2 days se use kr raha ho phone ka look bahut achaa hai or camera quality b bahut achee Maine Iska camera  campare note 7 pro se kiya toh Muje bahut hlka frk laga. Excellent display and battery performance superb hai. 4.5/5 rating
Product is really awesome performance is brilliant battery backup is mindblowing...I don't like Chinese phones that's why I choosed this one ....finally I wanna say that you can buy this for avoiding Chinese phones and this will give you brilliant performance in daily life
Best phone in the range upto 250000 and bestest compared to the price.  Camara is best, display is awesome. For me the battery was most crucial one, so I would say battery is too good for this phone. Plus the size is comfortable, easy to handle. Samsung hit back and with bang.
let me use for 5 months to give a review on product.First impression is good as expected
Phone seems to fine.4 Days old phone.My usage is restricted to Calls and Watsapp, but still the battery drains very quickly.Also, It takes hell lot of time to get 100% charge.Total fake promises by Samsung.
Product are very good like value for money, because by features provide by Samsung are very usefulCamera quality are very good as provide three rear camera very awesome for captured picture. Battery life is good because I used mobile all time and stand by backup 2 days.
Pros:  LOW SAR Value plus point.M30 is good phone in terms of display, call quality, and features available.Nice dimension + weight distribution+build quality.Cons:Though the speaker quality is average and not justified for the price 15k value.
The phone is so good dont read about negative reviews people go for red mi please dont use it.. check the brand Samsung at this price that's really a wow factor. The favourite thing about this mobile phone is the display. Awesome display.. camera my God it works very well..I love this phone
It's an great phone . Best for the people who want a phone with great screen or battery or both . Came quality is ok I guess , though you can take some pretty good shots with that depth sensing
Camera is more than averageDisplay is 10/10 far better then oppo vivo at this range
This is a great smartphone for youngsters. Great fingerprint as well as face unlock. The battery life is also good. The display with the waterdrop notch is attractive. With 3 rear cameras you get the wide angle view. The colors are fascinating too. All in all good interface.
I bought this Phone to Use outside India but unfortunately this phone is region lock and not working in UAE, It required SIM PUK PIn, i tried with that too though its not working, so unfortunately i have to send it back to india. Over all product is good in this price range.
Product was excellent but Amazon Transportation system was good but my zip code 424101 delivery boy was very arrogant .
I got a lovely phone...after a long time i bought samsung...and realized it is very much improved brand...sound quality is very good..But Google Play Store not working... If you need any app, u can install from Samsung App store..
The best budget smart phone you can buy.Pros:5000 mAh Battery,which lasts for atleast 2 days.Fast charging.Tripple camera.Best display ,good natural colors.Comes with type c and fingureprint scannerCons:No cons for this device
Everything is fine expect Camera Quality i e. whenever we take pictures a redishness occurs, which very badly effect's photo quality
Awesome phone the display is mind blowing hi is awesomely awesome and brand value phone
Good product. Battery is good. Picture and video quality is good. But there is no slow motion feature.There is no Voice call recoding feature (that's I really want).
The is only for watching movies camera quality is also not good sometimes the processor is getting slow fast charging is one advantage other that not good from my point of view instead of m30 you can go for m10 just 8000 only15000 is costly for this phone
Good Battery life, Best RAM n ROM in this price range are the praised qualities. Bad camera quality, lack of ear phones, UI n Phone calls keep hanging very now n then, finger print reader does not work properly after use of a month are the negative remarks of this product.
This phone is very good for this cost and its value for money. It has got all features and as same as one plus 6....This a good bet for this price range..  camera is good, battery is very good that you can easily use for 2 days with moderate usage of internet and games....
This product from Samsung was totally amazing. Camera was fantastic. Fingerprint reader works well provides full security. I was really excited when I received M30 .😍😍 😎 cool  worthy product. We can see even many negative comments but trust me it's really good at 15000.
the phone is very heating. the phone is not good. and the most impotent new phone is very hanging. the battery is the best. cameras good. this security is very poor automatic is an unlocked phone without finger without face reconcile and without pattern & without pin type.
Best phone at this price and Samsung brand I have used it n than order second PC for my brother.
Nice budget phone
Good phone for good price but selfie camera not good as expected
Phone is lasting for 2 complete days in a single charge. I am making this comment after using the phone for more than a month. Solid battery life and solid performance after receiving the Pie update.
I have no major complaints about this phone.Loved its Display, Camera and Battery.But if the processor's performance is more than this existing processor it will definitely beat every smartphone in this budget section.ANYWAY LOVED IT A LOT.♥️
Although phone is good but battery is not good, it gives backup of 2500mah battery.Camera is good, looks is also good. Please provide a good battery.  Don't cheat customer. People will lose faith on samsung.I bought it olny seeing 5000 mah battery.
GOOD Design, Performance (Fair), Value For Money(Excellent), Feature(Good), in a lot of ways, including performance and camera quality. Where it feels like a step up is exterior design and battery life. Where it feels like a step down is software. It’s still a pretty good
All the features in this phone is very good.I mean the battery life of this phone is very amazing. If we put the phone on charging the battery gets full in just an hour. The camera quality is not too bad if we see the camera it looks very cool in infinity U display.
Phone is good under 15k priceBattery life is awesome its 5k mah battery give huge battery backupCamera is goodFingerprint sensor is best in this category phoneOverall phone is awesome for those who want brandThere is no problem in gaming also
In face unlocking close eyes function not show in the phone kindly update .
Best part is to have faith of Samsung with the new triple camera combination with big storage and high speed processessor is the excellent part in not only this even in the next price range.
The phone is very good with a good wide angle camera, lot of clarity in photos and big display! Easy to configure!
Great phone ever 😍...I really like this phone it's Sound quality is very good and it's scree is full HD and Front and rear camera both are awesome. Battery life is too good and fingerprint reader and face recognition works perfectly. 😍
I found all the given features better than other companie's similar phones. Fingerprint reader is on very good place and working very fine also camera quality is amazing. Its bettery is working for two days with internet without charge it. 5000 M......... OMG
I am using it since last 5 days now. earlier I  had one M20. This phone is far better on looks and features with  battery life which easily last upto 2-3 days.if the operating system be upgraded to latest andoried version its beyond comparison in its price bracket.
The proximity sensor is not working. The samsung person is saying that the proximity sensor is not in built. Pls provide a solution or hence take the set back in return policy.
Finger reader is really great and very fast to open the screen immediately. Camera is good too eventhough not great. Battery life is excellent .it holdsfor full day on a normal business day
In Samsung mobiles this is the best and awesome model of M30 having better nd great future with the reasonable price.My suggestion is to who is looking for battery backup and processor 7410 better get a good experience with Samsung M30
Superb
I purchased Samsung second time, this time also Samsung disappointed me.They have worst UI of all time, selfie camera is crap and the wide angle mode is filth.Battery is good all I can say this.
But i m little not sertisfied with M30 BEcause the mobile fiting is not so good.that wise my primary camera i have received too many dust on near by camera lens..so req if u find not fitting product kindly return or replacement on avail days which amzon guideline flow..
Using from last one month it's good.  Camera quality  is awesome  . Phone performance  is great within this price range
Don't Chinese phones , I am completely satisfied with phone feature claim , I bought this phone through flash sale April 9, less SAR value, OLED display , DAtmos , 5000 mh battery , quick charge, etc.. all feautures
I purchased the mobile looking at its battery & storage. Excellent on both the front.Apart from this looks also good. Better Display. But camera is not upto the mark.
Phone is awesome,  battery back up is cool,No one can beat in displayConcernsCamera is not up to mark .... rear camera is not as or expectationsFront camera is good...
Overall the product is good...but the unlocking systems are slow when compared to other products...battery life is good...camera is ok....speed is also ok
Best phone available in this price segment. I'm reviewing after 1 month. I never faced any lag or heating issues. After updating to pie and one ui, the phone is awesome. Dont go after stupid reviews on YouTube which is based only on pubg performance. Think practically.
Galaxy M30 is powerful and smart mobileProcessor perform well6gb Ram boost the performace128 gb internal space provide hassle free storage16 megapixel front Camera give clearer selfie5000 mah battery gives you 1-2 days backup
The best budget phone in the segment with stellar battery life and great cameras. One thing i miss is Samsung pay and download booster feature of my samsung s9plus.
Everything is good except the bill or invoice provided! Totally disappointed ! The bill is printed on a paper which is same as the one provided in supermarket! It's print disappeared in a week! Now I'm left with only a white piece of paper! No bill proof what so ever
First time using Samsung.Awesome  experience.Face unlock is bit slowAMOLED display gives best experienceGot android pie update at the end of may which improved setting options enhanced device workingBattery performance 200%best
Samsung Galaxy m30 is an amazing phone. I ordered it on April 11th and got it on 12th April. It is comfortable to handle. It has good sound quality and very clear camera. And it's black gradation is so good. Thank you Amazon and Samsung !!! 👍
Actually i love Samsung Galaxy M30...Because of its full of package which Samsung provide...Talking about battery 🔋 its awesome backupCamera is good but not best.It's amoled display is also very goodProcessor gives tha good performance
I liked the phone.....the battery comes around 1day and somtimes 1and a half day.....the camera quality is good...the fingerprint sensor is not that accurate because sometimes it shows no match.....over all its a good phone at 15k..
There's 4G connectivity issue in phone, whereas other phone running smoothly on 4G but this one have slower speed than other phones
No invoice send with my purchase..I want to get my invoice for future ...How to get?
Battery is good nothing else
This phone is an amazing product made by Samsung, I have  recommended this phone to many of friends  and they are all giving it a very positive  review , the only problem I wished Samsung had to do is put an snapdragon processor  instead  of a exynos processor .
I've been using the phone for more than a week now and it's been fantastic. It has all the features that I was looking for like a brilliant camera, amazing battery backup and dual sim. Plus, the large screen makes online streaming of videos a whole lot more fun.
Camera is not upto expectations. Images are not stable. Bought m10 and m30 and found very few difference s. Want to return m30. How to return it as i can see replacement option only.
The Phone is worth the money...Its buttery smooth for normal usage...Best battery life...Amazing SuperAmoled Display...Just Awesome...Note:Not preformed for high graphic demanding game Users...
The features of multitasking  is good and camera clarity in wide range there is a pixel problem . The battery at first it comes for two days after that second day the battery  backup for only one day because  it's a 5000mah battery  min it's  should come for 2 days .
Amazing phone. Battery survives 2 days completely. Even if i use the mobile data excessively, it still lasts for 1 nd a half day. Other feature are superb. Screen is amazing. All in all, great choice great price!
It's game changer phone of Samsung in this range.3triple camera n battery backup is it's usp.
The display looks very attractive, camera clarity is pretty good and battery powered by 5kmah is massive enough... many complaints reviewed  and worried  but after receiving phone felt happy.  12hrs using with out any issues. Will monitor 2 days n update the review again.
Affordable mobile from samsung. Overall perfomance very good. No lag, hang at all.
NO doubt, Samsung always best
Awesome one In this range.... Samsung is thebest Brand for Technology # Samsung #Don't buy Chinese products.
Waste of money. Not recommended to anyone. Poor processing speed, poor low light picture quality, unwanted advertisements at home and lock screen.
Battery life is good. However, the phone has lag while switching between the apps. I have 6 GB/128 GB variant and I see this lag while switching between the apps. The same was not seen when I was using 4GB RAM capacity in different mobiles like HTC Moto G etc.
Good mobile camera is very good..  Battery life is also very good.. No issue.
Brilliant display and photography. Only cons i feel is sound of speaker is bit low as compared to other phones. Best phone in budget of 18k. Using multiple apps and yet no heat. Battery backup is dam good.
This phone is good but not the best when compared to other phone in this price range.Shows some network problem.Camera is good.
I am happy with Samsung Galaxy M30 phone and deal I got on first sale from the company. I wanted a good smartphone that did basics, and the site recommended one that ticked all the boxes. Speaking with the service department team helped me get exactly what I was looking for...
The phones display is awesome . battery backup is also great .but main problem with the camera , processor exynos 7904 isn't  not great  even it lags on playing  pubg at smooth graphics. But the one ui is awesome .
Not expected quality from Samsung. Phone getting some times hanging. Except battery life. Nothing you say not super product.
The only disadvantage i would find is with its processor which makes Pubg slow .You have to play at high frame rate and med graphics for lag free experience.Apart from this everything is as mentioned.A good phone
Camera result is average, even at full HD mode. Finger Print reader, face reader and Battery life is awesome. Quick Charge battery and you can use minimum two days after 100% charge of battery, some time three days. Very entertaining phone. Good speed and No hang issue.
Battery backup is very poor. Only 5hr continues uses. And charging time is 3hr.This phone is very bad.......My best choice is realmeu1 is best phone .....
# The camera quality is very awesome and ultrawide angle camera also work good# Battery stand by time up to 15 hours continuously# and also amoled display is very nice for see videos# the charging time also very good 1 to 100 1:45 min only
Battery lasting for long hours than I expected. Full screen is amazing while watching movies and playing games. With triple camera it gives extraordinary pictures. Wide angle is very useful to cover everything in a picture. The bottom line is superb mobile.
Cons1. Charging very slow almost taking over two hours with 9 V charger given in the box.2. Face unlock working with closed eyes.Pros1. Fabulous display as usual by Samsung.2. Very strong battery runs two days with high usage.
Sleek & Premium, screen  no comparison, software bit slow, one UI update will make it cool
Likes1. Battery life2. Storage 128Gb internal what else someone need.3. Screen size - huge and big enough to play games and view videos.Dislikes1. Finger print scanner could have been on the screen.
Im a heavy user and loved the phone its battery is the best and camera quality is the best even pubg rins smooth the display is amazing and face Id is fast loved the phone if u are a heavy user u have to take this phone only  and it does charges quite fast
Amazon done a prompt delivery .Phone is good .But getting heating issue after 50% battery drain .Battery is draining so fast .5000 mah battery last for 1 day only .Camera is very good .Hands free is missing .Could have added for a small additional amount .
Superb Display, good battery and above all the least SAR value of 0.409. Camera is good as well.
Want to get a phone with advance specifications but dont have that much money...?Dont worry samsung m30 is the perfect solution to your problem.Best budget phone comes with a good camera, excellent performance and almost a never dying battery.
battery is awesome...... you can give challange to someone to drain battery as much as he can within a time limit and I bet that person can't drain much.... except it all features are awesome too.... really enjoying Samsung Galaxy M30.... Superb product..
I wanted to replace my product....but Amazon executive had not listen any word...he didn't replace my phone...It was not satisfied me.
Samsung galxy m30 is a one of the best phone for midlle class famillyHis ficher r very easy to use any one5000mhz bettry is supb to use 1day without chargeCamera quality is very goodInshort sumsang m30 is nice product like j seris
This product ticks all categories in a budget phone . It has a superb amoled display .it has a  a great gaming performance . Its triple camera is really awesome which covers all details in a natural scenery . The front camera is 16 mp with great filters.
One of the best mobiles in market under 15k.Got all the recent features which a mobile has with added beast of a battery at 5000Mah.Certainly recommend this compared to other Chinese unstable mobiles of Redmi,Vivo,Oppo. Go for it!
I like the power boost 5000mah Batery capacity and Tripple Rear camera with wide engle over all it's too good bt i  dislike in this phone is Plastic body build quality and d colour is normal colour of this phone not like A30 or A50
Totally love working with this phone. Camera and video quality is top notch. The super long battery is one of the phone's best quality. The face and fingerprint recognition is fast too. Then infinity display does enhance the screen quality to another level.
Received faulty product from amazon. They’re now going to take one more week to send technicion to make a report and post that i dont know if they’ll repair the new product that I paid 16k for or they’ll replace I don’t know when. Really bad experience.
Using M30 from last week & loving it.Look wise it's very good not very heavyBattery life is good, I am just using for calls, internet & videos but it's working at the stretch of 2 days without any chargingCharger 15 w charging is fast.
Overall a great package concerning the price.Display is the bestest among the competitors.Camera is good.Battery life is the greatest.One can easily use the device one and half day of heavy usage.
Yesterday i bought the phone and the very first was the error message totally fed up...If i open the camera cell pone either automatically restarted or blacks out totally.Unnecessarily restarting many times.Worst product ever received.
Very bad product. Hang problem from the initial use. Camera quality is average. Look wise good phone.
I wanted to give 5 rating but this phone does not support there own payment upi i. e. Samsung Pay. This is very bad to know while using it.
This is a very nice smartphone because it's battery life is to long that's why I like it and camera much and more better and it's fingerprint scanner is running to fast that's why I am liking it it's all features Is to good thankyou samsung.
The best thing about this phone is its battery life, and the camera is to impressive and the focus mode is to good,and the fingerprint and face detection lock is to fast,i play pubg in my m30 and it play in hd graphics very smoothly no hang.
If you're searching phone between 15 to 20 thousand. This is the one of the best Phone, excellent display, battery life, and performance, thanks to Samsung for making such beautiful phone, guy's don't waste money to experiment another phone,
The fingerprint usually doesn't work at the first attempt and the camera quality is not so good and about battery its stays long enough and it has been only 1 month since I bought this mobile and the screen is already into pieces.
This is my 2nd M30 phone 1st one was return due to connectivity issue and touch issue, however 2nd phone also had similar issues.Overall phone is quality is good. I am retiring this phone again.Samsung need to test this phone properly.
This model is good to go id u are opting for budget smart phone with Samsung.. display is awesome. Battery lakt little longer than expected.
Just samsung things...the most ever loved mobile brand keep the word with its new M series smartphone ...the only mobile brand which provides high competition at every price level...hatsoff for the dominance...
I am using M30 since 2 month..Overall  Experience  is so so much good...Its goot to buy M30 rather than M40..As Mostly Good Features  available in M30 and Battery life is more than M40. Camera Results  are awesome. Happy to have M30.
I like this phone very much bcozz i havnt use since my last 5 phone bcozz samsung suffers me alot before these 5 bt nw  in my mind thinking about samsung is totally changed aftr using this phone i love this phone so mch mainly due to long battery life
Samsung galaxy m30 is unbeatable in battery life . It has more than a day backup .Camera quality is ok .Face unlock is slowBut its performence is awesomeover all it is a allrounder phoneHope pie udpate will get very soon.
Don't ever recommend this one, don't go for this one as this is just newer version of hangsung. It's hanging like anything, youtube videos, fb videos and even for 3gp videos.  Between each touch you will feel the lag, especially on fingerprint reader.
Best deal to buy this phone with all latest functions.
1. Heating issues for too much.2. Poor Camera3. Buil color quality poor4. No Led FlashOver all Poor phone not worth for money and Samsung to improve their quality more with our money. I request all don't waste your money.
It was an excellent product released from Samsung after long time by targeting medium income users to provide trusted brand.I like the device and all specifications but only drawbacks is Delayed face recognition.
After 2 months I am giving comment on this phone...very good value for money.... camera quality also good.. battery life is very good overall very good mobile
Mobile is good..avg. Camera quality, avg. Battery pickup, and avg fingerprint reader
Simply It's Fantastic Smart Phone From SamsungI love it , Battery is too good , camera is very Good , all things are very good by Samsung Galaxy M30
Over all 4.5 rating...good model with useful features...battery life superb, camera quality awesome .....littlebit issue with fingerprint reader as sometimes it takes long to recognise fingerprints...overall good model with good features..
Dont buy ths product as becz samsung care services ....after 13 days of use my phone got charging issue n thr service center guys telling lie abt thr policies..sometime thy says to contact amazom n my phon taken by samsung gallary jb nagar
This is a best mobile in the Samsung in the cheapest costIts working condition is Soo good and it's having fast charger with in 1:30mins the mobile will charge 100% from 0 don't linsten any ones words about the mobile.....
This PHN has all the specifications like it has fast processor, rear camera is excellent,coming to battery fast charging option is brilliant in this cost segement,it has seperate sim slots and memory card slot this is a fantastic feature in this mobile.
Everything is good in phone but I am facing Network problem.
This phone is awesome...Especially its display is Amazing and Camera quality is also nice...Battery backup is Good...Overall performance is Excellent...Best phone under 15K
Very nice phone. Love it but too much indian customs...and battery is not great,its ok
Display is superb....everything is fine except there is lag while working on the fine...Its actually Samsung so lag is actually expected...:-(
I have bought this mobile in Amazon and seems to be good look, stylish.few cons, touch is not good as compared to other mobiles of same price. battery is not stable for the whole day.Its not fast charging.otherwise. good
I have trusted samsung brand more than others but today it's completely gone now !!!Defective piece received today
Battery life- is very good u can essays use it for 8 to 9 hour nearlyFingerprint is also very goodFront camera is excellentThe processer work very wellThe phone is also curve from sideAnd meanly it's very easy to handle
Everything statting from face recognition to packaging worked okay for me. If you are non gamer this device is the best, though games like PUBG runs on HD without considerable frame drop. I recommend to buy it if you budget is till 15k
On the whole Samsung maintained it's standard. Very good phone at this price range.
 one of the most beautiful phone in this segment looks like so sometimes!!The screen quality, system, weightless , good battery backup, and i refer this to alll.
Phone is really good but there is a major problem of Network. Mobile Network is very bad of this handset than other mobiles I had used.Also wifi speed is very poor every time it's buffering  as I have 60 Mbps broadband  connection.
Samsung Galaxy m30 is a nice phone i am using it for last 3months....its camera is very good.its battery life is also good.The problem is sometimes fingerprint reader is bit slow for recognizing...Still the product is easy to handle and looks good.
Firstly the Look is Awesome with Slim edges..And The performance is at its best in every aspect.Display Quality is the best thing for this one,Camera Quality is also as realistic.Battery life is too good .Overall the Device is Fab
I'm updated Oreo to Pie.. the update is too bad..Oreo is better than Pie.. Oreo phone accessories is good..chat header,call recorder and many things..they are good..but the Pie is lost all everything Oreo feature..don't update the Android version..
Just a great product in this mid budget. Camera quality is just awesome. You will have h dedicated card slot. Great features. Smart screen mode, pop up apps , in built dual apps , everything. Its battery life is too good. It supports FAST CHARGING.
Amazing fone I like it .it's front camera is good and rear camera quality good .. in day time . Fingerprint reader is so fast and face recognition some delay but good.other thing battery is good and all things is good. Thanks to Samsung and Amazon.
When i recieved my product box was damage, there is no IMEI label on backside of device, scratches on device and much dust on it, as you can see in pictures.
The picture quality is not what you get it's little bit blur. The battery as it was said it has 5000mah is actually draining slightly fast but the performance is great and the design is superb. It feels like u are holding a premium phone in ur hand.
First of all I must congratulate Samsung for a great product with value for money .. 👍. Touch is very good, looks are awesome, sleek looks, camera is great for selfie and normal clicks .. processor is good.. awesome phone go for itpaisa wasool phone.
Display  is really good. Processor  is slow compared to snapdragon. Finger print  or face lock  works little  slow. Battery  life is good. Better  to buy Samsung phone with  high  speed  processors. Available  RAM is less compared  to Redmi phones
This phone has camera quality even worse than micromax Xpress 2 that also had 13MP and cost only 6K.You will be disappointed (like i feel) by the camera after spending 15K of your wothy money.
I liked this product.. But I reduced 1 star as the sound is not sufficient.. Even in home I can't hear the ringtone.. That's the major con... Otherwise the mobile is awesome.. Awesome camera awesome display awesome multi streaming but worst🔊 😖
Wow... how to describe.....????? Value of money...at Rs 15,000 range it's a great product..  I feel good about these products.....no negative argue.....power pack.....5 ,000 mah battery was awesome.....tq
Phone is getting heat when making calls r watching videosBattery is ok not super but phone is nice in looks wiseSound is ok when listening without earphones Dolby feature is there but still sound is low
Camera quality,look&battery is good but speed of finger print scanner is little bit let and performance during pubg is not much good but I like this phone it gives proper fill during use and also it's display gives much quality and clearity👍👍👍
Nice phone. Not happy about the android version when buying ,but now it has a android 9 pie update. So, now iam fully satisfied with it. Nice camera, battery backup is good but the back cover is plastic so better you buy a protective case for it.
Like  Super amoled display  Notch display  Back camera photos very well  Phone slim  Phone performance very quickly  I updated for android pie(available)  Dislike  Selfie photo  More add
Very nice mobile by samsung in this budget both camera are good, display very nice, battery lasting well all are perfect I suggest to buy to all.
The phone is really awesome for the price. I bought the phone mainly for the battery and it did not disappoint. Gorgeous tiny yet powerful phone.
It is better to works in low light. 16 mp front facing cam is not very well. But its ok. Finishing of this phone is attractive and also good grip on hand.
Samsung m30 an eye catching phone it has all thing that an user wants A great display, a better camera, battery life and one of the best thing that samsung has implimented that a 5000 mah battery and belive me its too light weight. Happy to buy this product.
Excellent product. Liked the screen quality, Camera clearity, volume loud and clear. Battery life is excellent. Sensor is also good. Phone is fast enough.
Product is best in budget phones, good performance, camera is awesomeunfortunately RAM performance not good while playing high resolution games like PUBG. sometime heating problem while charging and playing games. for normal uses this phone is best.
 Over all item is goodService was on timeOther experience after using itAfter using few months, i like this phone features, like fingerprint sensor, camera quality and battery life is superb.
Phone is really good, with best battery life ever and camera quality also good.  The best part at this price getting 128 GB internal storage.
Samsung M30 is a good device. I love Samsung device.Its battery life is awesome.Camera quality is not so bad.In mid range phone the display display quality is good.This device is value of money and overall good
Value for money. One of the best choices in case of good battery back up and network grasping. Over all a good package as of now though we have multiple other options (Redmi Note 7 Pro, Realme 3 Pro etc) in the market for lesser cost.
Bought the phone two days back.Nice display. Superb graphics. Excellent camera features. But the ring tone volume is little less.Excellent budget phone. Nice battery. No hangups as of now. Pls buy it if you can afford 15k.
Samsung galaxy m30 is really an awesome mobile.mainly it has 5000mah battery.And it has suoer amoled display and it consumes less battery power.fingerprint sensor also fast.but face unlock is not good.it is also unlocking when we close our eyes.
After 1 and half months my mobile not working at all. Suddenly got discharged and not charging. Only showing charging symbol but not actually charging. Spoke with customer care and formatted and thereafter it is not even showing charging symbol.
I'm using the phone from 3-4 days. Camera quality is good, battery lasts more than a day and the sAmoled display is just amazing. Overall I can say this phone is worth the price, if someone wants to buy a phone upto 15k price, go for this phone.
About Camera, Smoothness are more in the images, not capturing the actual photos, fingerprint reader is working good and fast, battery life is awesome, I loved it most.
I like the face unlock of this mobile.But the disappointing thing is the speaker of this mobile is so small.But all over this m30 is awesome.It will be the better option to buy comparing to Mi or Motorola.
I have been using this phone from last 2months and I am amazed with the phone, amazing camera quality, amazing touch screen and the most important battery is outstanding!! But one thing I didn't found is slow motion camera.
Best device in this range. Fingerprint is very fast. Battery life is amazing. It can run upto two days with daily usuage. Processor and RAM gives the very good speed to run this device.
OS, Display and battery life is very good. Its is not good for intensive and HD games.
Screen is very sharp and camera is great. Best is charging part... Quick .. value fir money and better than B type phones
Excellent for thr price, amazing display, sound is good only on headphones
Pros - Amoled Screen is top notch - its the beauty and camera performance in good light conditions is very goodCons - Low light performance of camera is kinda low and in games like pubg we can feel the stuttering and the processor isn't catching up .
Overall good phone, but sometimes it feels to be touch problem with this device.. battery life awesome without charge it worked for nearly 30 hours. No latching issue with this device, triple camera works awesome
There is one cable is projected on charging slot. It was so disturbing when plug-in for recharging the battery. In fact, cable is damaging day by day because of charging the phone. I never expected this kind of quality issue from SAMSUNG phone.
The camera quality is too nice...also the main thing is battery which is 89% after watching 2 movies...unbeatable smartphone I have ever experienced....Thank you Samsung I am really look forward to buy your new series of mobiles in future....😘
Worest mobile,Only good for super amoled display and dolby atmos..And better battery life.Forget about PUBG if you wanna buy this mobile.Than this realme 3 pro or redmi note 7 pro are  the best, and they are below 15000.
Fingerprint reader and face recognition are a tad slow. But the battery life, camera quality, amongst other things make up for it.Totally worth the money spent!!Have always been a fan of Samsung but this is a real beast!!
Product nice but processer is slow  it is not a for gaming
As expected, phone is super fast, long lasting battery, super display and a brand reputaion for a reasonable cost.
Pros:Great battery backupAMOLED screen at this priceFast chargingStorageCons:Camera could have been better
Most 3th class phone battery sound and hanks most issues
Good looking phone. The real test on this to be reviewed again after 6 months. Getting heating or hanging.
It's an Amazing Smartphone for the Budget Range With High Range Specification with an Powerfull Battery life and Mid Range Processor Called Exynos and With an Awesome Display of well placed Front and Rear Camera that's it is Called I'm Powered
App opening time and finger print  little bit of slow from other mobiles I hope it will resolve next updates battery life too good camera quality also good but not video stabilization not update still I hope it will update very soon by samsung
The best phone i have used till now Great job SamsungFingerprint sensor, Battery backup, speakers, display, connectivity options all wre best in this phone, the best ohone you could ask for at this price✌️
Well I think I got the best product in this price tag. Battery life is no doubt long and surprisingly  charging is very quick. It's Camera quality is satisfactory and picture is near about natural.  I am full satisfied keeping in mind the price tag.
Fingerprint reader is better than any other on- screen finger print scanner.On the other hand getting such a great triple rear camera in such a low price. But finally the best part is the battery life which is 5000 mh, giving as a full day usage.
This phone is overall good. However, i am surprised to see all those comments stating that the battery backup is 2 days. However, it does not go longer than 10 hours. Unhappy
Good phone in this budget... Features and looks are superb.... Performance disappointed sometimes....
All good in this mobile you can buy galaxy m30 and so nice battery backup and camera good quality video recording full hd & display is excellent and now this phone is OneUiSo I think you can buy this phone thank you👍👍👍👍👍
Call screen shows some lag if u press the speaker on off button. Heating issue is there on the upper part of the phone.Today the charger stopped functioning.  I dont know what to do...i have never experienced such poor quality products from Samsung.
Really great value of moneyI used samsung phone for the first time and it's simply greatI am sharing some pictures must seeAnd buy definitely who are confused  between mi note 7 pro and Samsung m30Don't think buy Samsung Galaxy m30
PUBG players stay away please, its heavily slow.It may take time for you to learn settings as its different UI+Functionality from MI/LenovoJio network don't buy this mobile.its too much worst
M30 is a great phone with an extraordinary wide angel camera.. specially it is very safe as it's SAR value is less than 1.6 w/kg (0.409w/kg) so it's best for your safety as well as has amazing features with a premium look and amazing camera..
all feature all nice, all good i love that phone even i try to buy that phone in 5 sale but did not get i lucky to get this for on 6th sale thanks . please try this phone new feature  like battery, smooth touch, camera, space and ram all good
Good phone if you are going safe based on the brand. specifications wise other phone are available for the same price range but they provide very poor build quality to cut the price.
Phone is perform well and after use of months no issue is being faced
Good product but some features are missing compare to Redmi phones, Nice camera, Nice design, nice battery backup, Fast Charging and charger also.
Good product...slim and light weight...good camera with low light focus... battery life is 5 hr if you watch video and movie... otherwise 2 days
Using it for the second week and it is working great. Excellent battery backup. Played few games and PUBG mobile runs smoothly. Good product from Samsung.
Got damaged product sreen was broken in the side
Total quality about phone is very good, ram and rom helps to play video games, camera clarity is very good, finger print sensor good, battery life is very good I can use mobile with using data and watching videos complete one day.
Nice mobile phone for daily purpose use . Its camera quality is not that good but it's okay not big problem with that battery life is good u can use ur phone 1 day continuously fingerprint is okay. Go for it it's a good phone at this price .
Am in love with my new Phone. everything is awesome about this phone like the slim look , performance and all but after its first updation , now the battery/charge is draining out little faster than earlier. Except this all looks good to me.
Its just value for money. Excellent screen(super amoled)Excellent battery lifeExcellent charging speedExcellent cameraExcellent running experienceI am using it from 3 months and i just cant complaint its perfect
Finger print lil bit late response,  also dail pad is too slow and also one more thing is it's taking too much time to disconnecting the call and taking time to speaker on while dailing  , Headset also not there in box ..Buttery is excellent
Battery life is verrry good, face recognition is ok but sometimes in dark places don't open but still ok, the screen quality is verrry good i looooove it. So just go and buy it 👌🏽
Nice product at this price. Camera quality good not superb. Battery run for 2 days complete. Ram is very strong no hanging while playing games. With amoled display phone looks premium. On the whole four stars.
Buying this was one of the best decisions I have made!The display is amazing, it's fast and it refuses to discharge!I'm don't play mobile games but even if you do you'll have no regrets buying this in this price range.
Touch is slow, takes time to open applications, camera didn't turned to be good with triples lens. Finger print and face detection  completely disappointed. New mobile so battery giving 16hours with moderate usage
Excellent  mobile. High quality Display. Excellent Battery Backup. Good Camera. Innovative stickers in camera. Fast finger print response. Face Unlock works very well. Overall it's the best mobile in this price segment.
Samsung  is now grow up..its  doing good job.camera is so so not good. backup is superb. screen quality is good....camera so so.battery backup gr8.fringer print sensor late work 8 sec or above.in game heatup. Updates are comjng in may..
 Just delivered and opened around 10 mnts back, got hang up during setup and unable to switch off too, complained to Amazon. No immediate action  and sending technician after 2 days. Attached video
The massive battery back up, and SAmoled Display in which Samsung is a specialist one. No hanging issue, keep unlimited apps in this mobile phone. No problem.  This m30 is made by heart from Samsung.
Average percormance,  low qaulity cover,  power adapter with a very small length cable,  touch screen percormance is not up to yhe mark
I have purchased this handset and using it for past 5 days. I like all the features specially the battery backup. Till date no complaint against this model. Good job Samsung and Amazon.
M30 didn't meet the standards of Samsung. Its speaker quality is not good. You can't hear properly with it. It warms up very soon.  Either it is in charging or watching YouTube videos , it becomes too hot.Not value for money
I waited 3 to 4 weeks for this mobile and every time I missed..finally one day I got this ..The best device...hight quality and ultimate mobile
Look is awesome, bought it on 4th May sale, Camera could have been better, but overall good deal at this price.
The camera quality is very very good. It is far far better than any MI phone. Its battery is too good and its blue color is just killed it. I really recommend  everyone to go for samsung m series. These phone ms are just amazing.
Complete package of quality and quantity... Camera is better..and near to best.. very sensitive finger print sensor..best thing which makes this smart phone powerful is its battery.. battery life lasts for longer and longer and longer... :)
It's been a month I hv been using M30, I just love the  fingerprint reader it's quite good, camera is much better then my previous Samsung phns but battery life is good but not as I expected. Guys go for it its might be worth your money👍👍
Face recognition is very slow. My last mobile samsung on nxt is way far better than M30 after the update mobile work vry faster battery and the fast charging makes the usage very reliable. No secure folder. Camera quality average not satisfied.
The fingerprint reader is good. The camera quality is amazing. The battery life is excellent. A really good phone with decent price. The body and look of the phone are mesmerizing.
Don't buy this Samsung phone .bought 25july 2019  through amazon the phone not even switch on.phone is dead shows only Samsung logo .after charged the battery also waste totally waste product.pls don't buy this product
Awesome phone. I like it very much. I bought 2 phones and recommended to my other friends as well. The screen clearity is good. The finger print can be improved a little. However for 15000 this is one of the best phone
Almost a one month I am using... battery backup is superb... 6gb Ram gives awesome performance... 128gb space lovely... no need to worry about battery or space or slowness... phone classic piece....
Works perfect for a month now. No lag no battery issue. Signal strength is good and internet speed is as good as I needed.
I have purchase this from Amazon..battery does not like 5000mh .camera not look like oppo and other selfie phone which I have use d before..
It''s an amazing cellphone, the camera quality is excellent. The battery life is really good and display quality is really fantastic. While playing in gaming mode it''s really feels amazing to play with a such a amazing quality of display.
My review is excellent about this phone bcos i m using this phone fast processor good battery backup 2 days and camera quality fully satisfied bcos its click a real picure display is very nice and smooth work also in sunshine properly text
Great style, super performance, excellent display, good camera quality, stylish color... few remarks about battery life not good like j-series, over heating while charging and online movies.. any way i love m30 than my previous galaxy J 7.
Last week  I bought  this phone by Amazon best online app.. by using  7 day I am completely  satisfied  with this Samsung  M30...Really  worth  to buy it 14.5K...Special  thanks  for battery  and camera..  soooth functioning...Best
It is a good smartphone under 15000 ...Like it.... Good Performance... Camera Quality, Display, Battery Life, Gaming & Overall.... Best... & Stylish Smartphone....in this price range
This is a great phone for daily use rough and tough.battery life is superb and display is great.the camera is good as well.perfect all rounder from samsung brand and within budget
Phone is very good....Initial loading of apps is taking a bit of time but the overall experience is awesome...also the battery is very good...
It has been ordered by my senior and she told me about it “Awesomazing experience “
Nice Phone.😊The most amazing thing about this phone is the long battery life👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻,good camera quality👍🏻👍🏻,Superb shade pattern at back of the phone😊 ,It does not get heat up while using, never get hang but I didn't got earphones in box😞..
Phone is good and gives me super performance ,display 4.5/5,camera4/5,battery 4.5/5 no hang ,I prefer you guys Samsung m30 ,belong to price valuable
Order Placed on 30 April 2019.Delivered date on 1 May 2019. very fast delivery by Amazon.My experience on this product is very competitive product with other than smart phones. Over all performance of the phone is very good at till date.
The phone is absolutely slow and sometimes takes few taps to respond. Seems like the touch screen is also not fast nd smooth as other phone.The plus side is camera and battery.Overall average product, not worth the money.
Width is less compared to other phones, initially phone was nice, after a month update came and after that UX has been totally ruined up!! I feel like I'm using some old set!!! Such a big big widgets and no setting to reduce it's size!!!!
I have purchase this phone 1 phone screen not work i have return this and 2nd phone sim network not working when i meet to Service centre they told me that part is not available this phone . i am waiting this phone parts from last 9 days.
Samsung have launched one of best phone with 5000 mAh battery, triple camera, Type-C charge with adapter too. You are getting android 9.0. I am using this phone from last 10 days, also played PubG and found no performance lack.
Built in quality is 10/10Screen resolution 10/10Battery backup 1010Speed 10/10User friendly 10/10Light weight and good fone under 20000. I recommend to must buy . I like this phone. Thanks samsung.
I am not a gadget freak so not going to give a 360-degree review. What I like the most is the battery life. With average use, it easily comes for more than a day! Could have avoided so much pre-loaded apps like daily hunt etc.
The phone is looking beautiful but Data connection is not workikg properly....frequently the phone becomes offline while others phones are working well in the sane network...network mode supports only LTE/3G..there is no Volte or 4Gmode...
The phone is really good and the look and feel is brilliant. Only one thing I didn't like is that Chrome keeps crashing for no reason in the background. Overall it is a great phone, with incomparable display quality.
Its touchpad reply so quick and even more app  open and work in one time its fluently work not any disturbing like hang mobile.  it's battery life also very good .camera and its features are latest running versions
Camera  quality is not that good.Display and battery life is very good.And the processor seems fine too.Phone doesn't gets heated  up while playing  high resolution  games and charging which is again a plus.
Everything is good in Samsung m30 mobile battery life is very good and camera quality is also fine but most important features is its performance in last 30 day no hang
Mobile is looking nice and display is awesome.  Not noticed any lagging in performance since I am not a gamer. Samsung should consider reducing screen size . Because 6.4" is difficult to handle in one hand.  Overall it is worth buying.
The processor is compartvly slower. Not meant fr people who play games as wud be slow and lagg. Takes compartvly more time to unlock handset using fingerprnt sensor or face recognision. But for average user good phone with good camera.
Complete waste of money. The phone lags a lot. Camera quality is also not good. Samsung M series phone are a great disappointment. PLEASE DON'T WASTE MONEY ON THIS PHONE. I have started experincing lagging problem with 3 weeks of usage
The Best That You Can Get From Samsung At This Price RangeIf U Want A Budget Smartphone For Daily Use And A Samsung Branding At A Budget Price Then This Is The Best Phone That U Can BuyThe Best Multimedia Entertainer For Daily Usage.
Awesome samsung mobile phone on these range . Battery back up excellent. Camara excellent , fingerprint and face detector also excellent , android pie update also available within a month . Overall paisa vasool mobile phone.
Very good smartphone. Battary life tooo good.for my normal usage with net on all the times, lasts for two days atleast. Very easy UI. Can say a perfect buy in this price range, with samsung brand name. I liked it.
It is the good mobile but it has an disadvantage that is processor this processor is not useful for playing games like pubg it lags but for not gamers this mobile is useful with 5000 mah battery with fast charging
The samsung m30 is very nice phone. I have received it in time and in good condition. Battery life good, other features are also goo.Issue is with Amazon! I did not get the discount of 10% on paying the amount by SBI credit card.
The amazing factor in this phone is display can't get this type of display below 17k but Samsung brought this mobile with 15 k only so I prefer Samsung m 30 e for or display a and battery life
Very good phone from Samsung with amazing battery life and good specifications.  With new OneUI update, probably it is the best smartphone in this price group as it has most of the features that Samsung provides in its S series phones
Awesome product from Samsung under 15k budget, big 6.5 inch HD screen,Premium design and the nice multi color combination,Battery life is excellent and the camera quickly is ok under this budget, overall nice budget phone.
Worst phone I ever purchased. After one day use I sold out it immediately. Bad camera. No additional fuction in camera. Screen responds very slow.  Touch response very slow.network slow.  Sound quality is bad.  Totally waste of money.
Altogether a very good phone. Liked it very much. Thanku Samsung & Amazon.
Battery life is very good.Processing speed is also good.Camera is fantastic.Only little bit problem found in touch on screen because sometime touch is not working.Improve touch quality in this phone.
This Samsung Galaxy M30  is an excellent android phone for the use of each and every task.It has the best software to make everything possible.I suggest that if my self should have to vote,  i will vote it 100%.
Phone display doesnt light up when a call comes in or even when the power button is pressed numerous times...irritating..Price came as a single bill with the whole price even after opting for 6months emi scheme.
Camera is good. Finger print sensor could be be improved(as Xiao Mi). Battery is 5000mah however not bad although for myself it still requires to be charged a day, as has been charging my Samsung J6. Overall not a bad deal.
Samsung Galaxy with range 15k good quality instead of others chinese phone i thnk u cn go for samsungm30 in all but i thnk Samsung should improve camera quality n add timelapse n slow motion video including 4k video as well
At last Samsung is coming out with cheaper prices for their smart phone.
I like this phone but speaker quality is not so much good.Face recognition is not good...closed eyes p bhi phone unlock ho jata hai
Such a worthy mobile one could have on this price highlited by the wonderful 5000 mAh battery, excellent camera quality, Amazing gaming experience... Device runs smoothly as we expect by the processor..face recognition is simply good
Camera quality and battery life is really good.  Not meant for heavy games like PUBG. Sound quality is good. Also like additional features available in galaxy M30  which is not available in any other mobile phone in this price range.
Delivered on time...amazing phone...superb camera quality...amazing display...excellent battery....fringer sensor is not excellent but very good...processor is good...go for it...best phone...
Product is ok. But i faced a problem in it right from day one.  It had a faulty skin card tray because of which i had to visit service centre several times. At one stage i got so much bothered that i wanted to sell it off.
Awesome phone till now .. enjoying super amoled very much with fhd .. only con 8s phone is so big .. but it is with all devices nowadays .. it's my personal opinion as i love one hand use phone .. like s8 and j6 by samsung
Good looking phone.the built quality and display r very good.only issue is placement of finger print sensor.we have to turn the phone and place the finger to identify it. Phone looks very premium.good deal.value for money.
Last 10 days iam using this mobile.Very good looking and very nice mobile.Hence I waited long time.
One of the best phone for mid range people's  those who cannot access high range phones then I would recomondvthe SAMSUNG GALAXY  M30Super display,5000MAH battery which is not present in till any phone
The best budget mid range phone from Samsung mobiles,best in display,Dolby atmos sound and new range of efficient processor for multimedia and better performance in basic gaming.really best choice who wants multimedia in pocket.
Samsung Galaxy M30 is amazing specially its look, camera (wide angle feature). Battery life of 2 days with 100% charging and while playing games it's one and a half day. It also provides you amazing features in its budget range.
The phone is very excellent .It is very smootth and the battery back up is awsome. The camera quality is also good. Am very satisfied with this phone and the AMOLED display abd the Dollby atmos is also good in listening to music
Tell you something interesting i got message from samsung i.e Post a review about your Galaxy M30 on Amazon & WIN JBL earphones! Help others make a right choice. 😄 But seriously its amazing phone ,performance wise is very goood
Rear camera of samsung m30 is really worst coz photos taken with it are equivalent to 5MP camera. Everything else is great. Rear camera can't capture details and when zoomed a bit pixels starts distorting...
It has everything I always wanted in a phone. But pics in low light not so good. Samsung should provide back cover and earphone. I can play PUBG well.
Some software force stops every time such as gmail etc, I don't know why otherwise phone is excellent.
I got this phone after 5 days waiting time but the time when I see this device, I am in love with this phone osem display battery processor and everything....you can buy this if you are confused between reddit note 7 pro and this one....
A great purchase. Loved the phone, it has a great processor, camera and the amoled display is a beast totally worth the price.
I don't think so its that much great phone.....battery drainage is very fast....as it is mentioned its 3x charging...it takes 2 hours for full charging...sometimes heating issues.......i would prefer not to go for it
Some times screen light shows half only when unlock the phone, again lock and unlock the screen then we will get full screen light.
Likes: Amazing screen, fits well in hand, awesome selfies, super batteryDislikes: Slow finger print scanner, occasional stutter during multi tasking
Not attractive. Look and feel of phone is very worst. Amazon have very pathetic service. Tried to return the unbox phone, but customer support executive denied to return the same. I am not satisfied with this product.
Good pricing, best features , long batery life easy to handle over all i am a big user of mobile phone cos of my working and i am fully setesfied with the performance of M30 , Congrats Samsung for the Best Make In India Phone.
A premium looking phone in a budget range.. if you want a phone which has a good camera along with bigger battery and powerful processor then m30 is the one ... It has a quick fingerprint unlock and face unlock is also faster.
Most useful function of this mobile is BATTERY backup. You will fall in love with its ULTRA-WIDE camera functionality. Android OS looks very awesome with its ONE UI. I just got Android Pie updates. Very satisfied with SAMSUNG.
It has better performance compared other brands M series is leading in the first place i love my m30 mobile if you feel like i has 5000mah it might heat don't worry about it it won't heat like other mobile i like this one 🙂🙂
Overall it's a great phone on budget. Camera quality is very good even in low light & it has powerful battery life. But sometimes there is a problem in fingerprint reader. You have to put an attention on it. Thank you😊😊😊😊.
The Finger Print sensor is too bad as it takes so much time to unlock the device.About Camera it's very good for taking pictures while it's below average in taking videos.About Battery it is absolutely spectacular.
phone is quite good. it is a overall good package. the finger print reader and battery life is awesome but camera quality is nt satisfying. if u r more concerned abt th selfie and camera this isnt fr uu..
Good phone overall and is appropriately priced. I got it for my wife and she is quite appreciative about the phone. The battery is really long lasting!
Signal dropping problem. Probably antenna is faulty. My both 4G Sims work properly & smoothly in other mobiles. But, they get paralyzed in this mobile.
Camera is very bad both front and back cameras....not thin model.... Charge is not longlasting....
Not good product
Samsung m30 very very good mobile phone.In below 20k .Its very good performance  for operating application .Huge storage  capacity  .... very very helpful.I'm satisfied  with Samsung m 30 6 GB 128 GB.
If you only looking for Battary it’s goodBut features are worstSo much of hanging issuesWorst processor poor performance comparing 10k mobiles to this phone better to buy any cheap end phones comparing this
Quality of camera display battery sensor are satisfiedBut the individual applications lock still not available on my phone!!!  And also need the inbuild application of photo editing..... If we compare with asus's phone
Display is excellent.Battery life is very good.Pie and OneUI  update gives a very good experience.LED notification light could have been there.Ads can be minimised as it causes irritation.
Pros:1. Battery life2. Camera quality3. Fast Fingerprint4. Fast charging5. Already updated on Android Pie(version 9).Cons:1. This phone not having slow motion option in camera.
Received it with manufacturing defect. There were dust particles inside the camera glass.
Samsung m30 is a good phone but the speaker volume is poor quality and camara is not good as i expected campared to my nokia 6.1 plus. Battery is perfect with 5000mh power easily last upto two days for a non gamer
We are close the eyes phone is unlock, no image stabilization, autobright censer is not good working.
Very bad experience within 20 days phone display stop working only white light and flash coming and after visit samsung service center waiting for phone return from last 3 days. no respond receive from samsung yet
Item not performing properly.. camera is out from order
Perfectly balanced phone for mornal usage. Main USP is its battery and display quality.Got pie update on time..
This phone very poor quality and  I am facing the hang problem of this phone phone is warm  fingerprint reader is working perfect camera quality is fine
Initial few days - felt software response was sluggish/slow...after android upgrade, slightly better..Touch sensitivity is average
Gaming performance is a bit low, doesn't look like 6GB ram mobile while gaming. Low light camera is not good.
Of course there are other high performance products. But think well. At this price, this quality is almost revolutionary.
I bought this phone on sale. Not a month from today. Great phone. They have upgraded some cool features. I like new features in camera and charging speed as well. Good phone for now. Let's see in coming days.
I like the shade of mobile and battery lyf is also good only problem is face detection is not as fast as others mobile in the same range have
Over all good product. But one of the biggest issue is only INDIAN SIM Allowed. because of in case I will plan out of INDIA TOUR, that time i will feel uncomfortable. So, this is the one of the biggest mistake in M series.
The fingerprint  reader is very nice. The camera quality is much better than previous versions.the triple camera  does it job. The 5000 mah battery  is long lasting making me to charge once in 2 days even with full day usage.
Packaging was very cheap and very very poor I don't expect the type of packaging from Amazon.Amazon team please maintain your quality. But overall Mobile is good. Since Box is damaged my mobile is little bit Damage
The phone is amazing , specially when it comes to its long battery life & fast charging. Display quality is superb & gives a premium feel. Fingerprint reader is very responsive. Camera is good but could  have been better.
Very bad experience..I received yesterday and it work well but when i download the app it shows that phone is overheated and switch off and then can't on and if i charged it shows not to charge and can't start too..
Pros:Very handy, with a crisp display.BatteryCameraCons:Sound not the best, just average  or belowFingerprint sensor not the fastest.Face recognition not bad but takes time.
it is best, everything perfect. 5000 mah battery, or samsung brand name or kya chahie
i bought this product with a faith.. nd i am so happy with it..ultimate product.. price worth it
Display changed within one month without any mistake from me.. totally average product...
It's a decent phone when you look for decent battery, big memory and a good display. Rest camera is not upto the mark, finger print sensor is not so fast. I think we cannot expect much from Samsung in this price range.
At this price,it is perfect package of features & strong device. It's battery back is very nice and camera quality is excellent. Amoled display plays very important role in device and colors on display looks very nice.
Best phone in this budget. Very good performance and so cool to use. Has a classic look and battery life is awesome! For pubg users....you dont need to worry...it runs perfectly. So why ru still waiting?? Go get one ;)
U can still improve the camera quality and add slow motion mode it would make the phone still featurable.fingerprint reader is fine and good.at last battery life , i have no words to describe it , its simply awesome!!!
Don’t buy this phone without checking it’s camera.I am highly disappointed about Samsung after checking camera.Better go for redmi note7 pro. Now I cannot even return this product as amazon has only replacement policy.
I received this product as per the schedule. It's very nice and works perfectly.But I am not received pouch and screen protector as mentioned in the launching offer. Please send me the pouch and screen protector.
This product is not good because displays is auto crack.. And my 2 phone display crack first  is m20 and second is m30. Then third phone m30 is cracking display  in only 15 day... So please suggest me what I can do....
Very good battery 2 days with continuous usages of camera and internet wide angle camera covers full ribbon building chennai with very good clarity
The phone looks and feels great. Camera is amazing but post taking the picture, the picture quality is down when checked by zooming in. Battery life is really good and love the interface. Cool for the price.
Finger print reader is a awesome it's working in a lighting speed...Camera is blissful one both front and rearBattery is special mention lasting long then expected kudos to Samsung...
Liked the product, Robust, a screen display is important, the processor is average-but not much of a concern for normal users (only for gaming it may be a concern). Swift in the transfer of data and files.
calling sensor is notBecause when a mobile phone is in pocket and someone's call is coming, it automatically gets attributed.And Fingerprint sensor not a proper position.
M30 is best phone under 15k . With this specifications. But camera is only good not excellent, with comparison of note 7 pro.  Otherwise aur function is works very smoothly.And it's AMOLED sceern is awsm. ☺️
Another milestone in quality and brilliance by Samsung. Such an amazing phone in this price is commendable. I think one should go for this device. I personally loved it and Amazon delivered on time as they promised.
Really amazing phone under 15000rs ......beautiful look ........good camera quality .. capacity of Ram is amazing......fingerprint reader much faster than m10 and m20.........battery life withstand for 2days........
The mobile M30 is perfectly OK as looking in the picture. But coming to the performance it was not at all liking to me. Might be it was a defective product. Fingerprint reader problem and camera quality is not good.
Handset is having premium look, battery is very good. I am not happy with the sensor and screen touch response,  sometimes I sensor doesn't work when putting away the phone from ear while talking or calling someone.
The audio while calling and even receiving a call is not good even at highest volume unable to hear when the call has come and missed. Loved the camera quality and battery is also fine.
Phone is good in all aspects only thing is that it takes more than 2 hours to be fully charged though it is provided with fast charging. All in all it is worthy the price we are paying.
Being a samsung phone it doesnot support samsung applications . And amazon is fooling costomers on the name of replacement policy
Amazing phone in this price range.Recommended for everyone.Specially natural photography lover, every details can be captured with ultra wide sensor.Natural colors, i have become a superfan of superscreen.
It's a great phone.I think its the winner of nowadays.Best camera quality better than note7 proNo one can beat the camera quality of samsung.Finger print is quite well.
Worth every penny paid. Quality display and performance. Amazing battery life. What more could you expect from a budget range phone!!
Great and worthy to buy this mobile. Great battery life with great display and internal features just camera quality is some what low and android version is low it would be much better if the version would be new
I'm writing this after 2 month of usage ..phn is doing good with all aspects..amazing battery life..outstanding display...but I'm little bit unsatisfied with the camera quality...eitherwise its all good...go 4 it
Device is really good. However, indicator light during battery charging  and also blinking light to indicate missed calls as well as unread messages is missing, which is really useful. And my galaxy app is great.
Good looking, all the facilities are owsm....But its glass is not good enough .....Fell from a height of 100cm and it got cracked...
Superb phone. Everyone in the family liked it’s performance.Powerful camera and great battery life make the phone a hit in the market.
Many people have given negative reviews about Samsung M30. But don't believe that at all. This is the best phone with all the best features you need at a affordable price. Go for it.
Worst product by Samsung, apps not working ,display stopped working , today I given to Samsung care ambattur, i purchased on 7th April, only one month its stopped working , I will never buy Samsung entire life ,
Sound is super low for speaker as well I call volume. Don’t buy this device please.
Behaving like a companion till now. Nice product.
Face unlock is little bit slow and allover phone is best to this price range..thanks Samsung love this ph..battery is tooo good other brand phones..screen is amazing camera performance is god..best ph
Good phone ,I prefer to buy Samsung m30 who are going buy a smartphone at this range
Call quality and speaker quality worst more over earphone and mic both very cheaper quality I bought 2 month before but know the phone mic and earphone and speaker all r dead so pathetic. Better to avoid Samsung
A good product for the given cost. Battery life is awesome, beautiful display, good camera.Only processor could be better, still for a non game user it doesn't bother. Works like charm
Finger print reader is abit higher. The camera is good and the battery life is awesome.. highly recomended this phone if you are looking for phone at this range. Infact it is the best phone.
Delivery done within 24 hours !! Weldon amazone !! Thr phone comes with high battery with higher ram and storage !! The phone is smooth fast and working till long !!!Phone is bit heavy
I took it for my friend he said phone is working good
This is the phone actually having a good look..But this is not a gaming phone and its lagging while playing pubg.. camera is good enough..  and a reasonable price product.. with the good battery back up..
Two times I order this product but defective both products ...fingerprint speaker not good and over heating
I realy thanks for Amazon  phone very good battery 👌Face unlock and fingerprint good and very much faster workingI used game and internet one and half day battery backup 💪🤳
Good device from samsung. Battery is best
I am sold out on the camera. The picture clarity and focus is amazing . The fingerprint reader makes it really easy and at the same time very secure. With an awesome battery life I am always on a go.
 I don't like it...phn can't start, and continually vibrating...i hurt from you😞..when i give a order so i am very excited bt phn can't start so very hurting moment of my..
Ads are too much and Samsung is not helping on this. Mobile q build for this price is good.
First of all design and size is very good . I have  satisfied about that . And the battery life is fabulous, new features in camera is so good, fingerprint sensor is also good .It gives good experience .
This phone is very good. Its battery life is great. But I am getting a problem of camera glass. After some day use i noted dust there. The both camera quality is very great.OVERALL LOVE THIS PHONE🥰🥰🥰.
You will never get disappointed with this.It provides fantastic both cameras front and rear with live focus, good battery life.I like most is display screen as compare to other phones in this range
I have problem in display.background light automatically get diminished and do not increase.so I hv to work in like with zero watt power bulb. Then it increases anytime while using.please exchanges  my phone
Its charger not working to charge the phone , worst charger , lost the money. its customer also not agree to replace the charger .please not buy any phone online through amazone , I have done lot of mistake.
Fingerprint takes around half second. With 5k mAh battery, even fast charging takes 2 hrs. Sound is okay but clear. Most worthy part, sAmoled screen. Which doesn't scare you woth colours.
Front looking good!!!Battery life long & charge fast!!!Both cameras good performance!!!Fingerprints sensor scan speedily!!!And another features are good!!!Best for this price!!!
Mobile is excellent.  Battery backup is also excellent.But charger and connector are not connect properly.When I connect the original charger, it shows "for fast charging please connect original charger".
It fell from bed which was of 1 feet and the screen broke. My parents are scolding me as we invested 18k and this thing happened to me within 2 months.
This phone is awesome, but fingerprint sensor a little bit slow, there is no slow motion option on camera, battery fulls with min 1.45hrs of charging, no heating issue.
Very nice mobile to useful battery backup superbly  keyboard nice touch goodCamera also nice  nice selfyGood
screen qulity is not good like super amload
Excellent  battery backup.....average  camera...overall  good....Samsung  does excellent  work on his phones....love it....
With such these features it is good in this price, but camera is not upto tha mark...and performance is not too good..if you are gamer then it's not for you...
Good battery life and has 3 cameras with good picture quality. Battery backup is good and fast charging with big screen. But while unboxing it I do not get earplugs. It should have branded earplugs with it.
This such a good mobile on this price all features r available on this price gud camera good battery life good display nd I'm enjoying pubg game with out any trouble thanks Samsung for launching this mobile
M30 is awesome in speed, camera and battery.Given the price it comes with- it rightaway beats any other phone in the segment. Specially,  those who would not want to go to options like MI, Oppo, Vivo.
I bought this phone and its About 2months of usage And now also its working As a brand new smart phoneI recommend Everyone to buy this phone for Any Purpose . Trustfull Amazon & SamsungThank you
Within one month of purchase the phone's back cover has changed half the color from gradient blue to black.. since last 21 years I am using mobole phones first time I saw this unique color change.
All i can say is best #flagship smartphone in price segment....R u a PUBG LOVER go for it
Pros:- Best Budget Phone for the Cost  Amazing Battery  Wonderful CameraCons:- Ram isn’t too strong to play High end gamesApart from that i don’t see any thing wrong
Over all good product...Miss Type c headphones in M30 which also support Dolby Atmos speakers.In M40 device have type c headphones.Please,sell Type c headphones same as M40 separately for M30 device.
Thanku samsung... At this price it is a my best phone ever before buy this phone i have redmi mobile but who experience comes from samsung after buy this redmi were never gived... thanku very much 😘😍😍😘
1,Tuchscreen sum time bad working..2,Camera night time poor quality3,Speaker  vibration  sum time..
Cell phone is handy but os is outdated u have to update recent updates after purchase un till low performance...As said I have not received hand cases and screen Protectors.
Everything is ok just sound of phone is low while using this phone in crowded places.
Over all this product is good but 2 negative points are there 1 is finger print scanner: if it is front side, very convenient.2 is ads: ads in this mobile are very inconvenience
Good phone for this price tag
The fingerprint reader is excellent, Camera is also impressive, and battery life is outstanding. Still, it needs some improvement. Facial Lock is not up to bar and sometimes, System get hangs.
Value for money, but package damaged in transit. Worst package experience. Phone got minor scratches.☹Slow fingerprint reader.Good battery and touch.
Battery life is last longer, triple camera feature is available  at such a reasonable rates, fingerprint  sensor at amazing. Overall samsung has given all the latest features at such a affordable rates.
Product is lagging & doesn't seem to be of good quality Built is bad, Samsung is again proving that they can't sell quality product.I gave this product as gift & my friend has stopped using the product.
Bhai pubg khelne ke liye kui v ye mobile n le nera to 15k barbadd ho re bhai log chutiye se v batar chlta h esme pubg😥😥
Sorry samsung .. your product is very poor.. manufacturing is very poor .. after 10 day of use the screen lack and become white permanently I can't use ..I was very excited but now I m disappointed...
Got M30 from 1st flash sale.Battery is excellent.Light weight.Camera is good.Dont see YouTube review videos.Face unlocking works fine.Display is impressive.
Poor, very poor mobile. Camara is very bad. Triple camera is not working with full place. No potrate mode. Live focus not working properly. No notification light in front.
Terrific battery life, triple rear cameras take fantastic pictures and phenomenal AMOLED screen. Its camera, performance and price make it the go-to premium Android phone worthy in this range of 2019.
Its an amazing phone in this range ....Thanxx to samsung for giving this experience..I just want to use its dolby atmos feature, and i really want to do this in  JBL earphones . 😍😍😍😍😍
I accidentally dropped my M30(back cover and tampered were on the phone) and to my surprise the display broke but the re was no damage to the screen. I still don't know how can this happen but it did.
I feel the shape of fingerprint reader must be little different. One problem is there some apps are continuously being installed by galaxy apps named app without taking the users permission.
Camera hi good battery is good
Subscribe my channel tech areaThe good thing isMassive battery and storageThe bad thing is photo after zooming gets bad
I have been using it for about one month.  Feeling good. Less number of ring and notification tones available, which should be increased.
1) Phone picture quality is excellent.2)Phone battery runs for whole day even on extensive use of internet and multimedia.3)Fast phone processor.4)Best quality in affordable price.
Everyone has different expectations from there mobile phone.... I too had some expectations  which the phone fulfilled and so I m happy and satisfied...and would reccomend others to purchase too....
M30 is a jack of all and master of all at the price point you get your hand on solid tech which does at good at all things u throw at it have been using it since a month now and it's simply awesome.
It's a fantastic phone..5* Battery5* Disine5* display5* camera5* performanceevery thing is good... fingerprint reader is awesome.. love Samsung..thanks you.
I had a difficulty in opening the sim slot. Another problem is that at furst I couldn't sign in to my Google account I could only do it after I reset my settings. The packing was also not very good.
Face lock  3 starBatery 3 starSome heating issueI have no time for returnI m disopinting from this phnI purchased this phn for long time batery.but not good .
One of the worst prouduct,  totally waste last 3 years I am using with Redmi single day also nottroubled, but this mobile day 1 onwards struggled. Not user friendly.....
* Battery  life is awesome.* screen is great*very good build quality* camera is also good with this prize rangeOverall good budget phone with lots of features
Fabulous mobile , battery backup is very very good , camera is also little bit equal then redmi note 7 pro
Camera of this phone Quality wise bad..and there is no provision  for returned so please check it before purchasing
its 6 days of usage on M30 Samsung.  excellent
I think mobile has network connectivity issues. Some time data does not work thought the data is in ON mode. Most of the time I need to turn on the airplane mode to get the data.
Excellent picture quality and battery life. Screen resolution and size is perfect for watching videos.
Manufacturing defected mobile. It is not understood why such type of defected mobile being suppplied by Amazon. Body of mobile is open on right side. I don't aspect this thing from reputed 'Amazon'.
Battery is good but too heavy also...felt bad about camera performance...
I like everything about this phone. I've been using this phone since 2 months. It's good in every aspect like camera quality, battery life, fingerprint reader, memory & many other inbuilt features.
Have been using this phone for 1 month now. The phone is simply amazing. Battrey life, screen size and screen output is simply amazing. Playing games and watching movies has never been so much fun.
I like battery life of this phone, some people have believe that Samsung phones are hang but it's wrong, I am using this phone since two months and it's working properly and also no heating issues.
Good camera quality, fingerprint reader is good,  and battery life is excellentOverall for regular use Samsung m30 mobile is very goodBut if you are a gamerYou can buy samsung m40
I purchased this phone two days before. Delivery was excellant but this is not good as I expected. Phone hang couple of time and screen becomes unresponsive. I am planning to return this phone now.
Simply superb!!!Branded mobile in this budget is worthwhile...Slow motion is not available in camera but that's okay...Warranty on display could have been included at an additional cost...
 I got a defective product not switiching on and mobile is completely hanging totally disappointed samsung i hate samsung now
Unable to download even a single app from playstore.....same problem faced by my relative who bought it on my advice...screen freezes sometimes too...
Over All perfect MobileLight weight and LookingGorgeous..Good Battery life.Camera quality is Good.ThakU Samsung launching Perfect mobile.Finally I am Satisfied this Mobile
Gud one...loved it...fingerprint  reader is gud. Its wrks quickyNd camera quality is damn good.i loved camera.Battery life stays long. Overall ts a good one.  I loved it a lot
One of the best mobile at the reasonable price. One can get every kind of feature in m30  which he/she wants and its look as well as its battery,camera quality,sensors etc. What u need is in this.
I like battery performance in this phone. Its really good ..but in fingerprint scanner..its little disappointed..front camera is really good..but in wide angle camera picture quality is pathetic..
Appearance wise very appealing. Battery life best amongst other mobiles. Camera is good. Never hangs.Really good for gaming. Processor is very fast.Good value for money. Overall a fabulous mobile.
The camera quality is best ever I see especially in live focus and triple rear camera gives best experience.Battery life too good especially in travelling. Fingerprint reader is easily accessible.
Samsung  m30 mobile phone so good. Amazing experience  . Camera quality is also good ,sound system n battery life is best .fingerprint reader  working fine..this is best mobile in Samsung  m serie
Simply  best mobile for a light user, fast fingerprint reader,camara quality is good & osm battery backup.
This M30 good fr me...firstly whn i bought this mobile , i was Not happy but right now m hppy with my M30.....its having good quality of camera nd battery backup is awesome...grt....thnx
Superb phone for samsung2days battery lifeHi quality cameraDolby atmos soundAll is good
Nice mobile, good camera, good voice quality, batteryy life is good, display is fine, overall worth buying, value for money.
Camera is very good.  Wide angle is very special. Battery comes one full day with Instagram and YouTube. No heating problems. Very good phone.  I recommend to buy this phone.
Camera quality is not good as specified.image quality like capture in 2 MP camera.so I don't satisfied.
Battery is awesome, but camera quality is quite unsatisfying...overall nice phone for this price..
After 15 days usagePro-6 GB +128 GB, till now no hanging prob, decent cameraCons- Touch sensitivity is bad, rear camera  not that great
This is a good product under this price range...compare to others ...I am so happy with it. Camera quality is so good & battery 5000 mh is best performer....all over can say ..this is better...
Been using from two months. It's my first Samsung phone. I liked the camera quality but the battery doesn't  stay longer while using apps. Most of my products at home are also Samsung products.
I delivered m30 on 22 March.in 3 -4 days so much dust in rear camera glass.what I should do.i m having trouble.
I have received a manufacturing defective mobile but Amazon replaced my mobile.nice product.battery backup is very high compared to another phone like mi.Display is very good quality
This phone is all value for money package in this range. Brilliant camera, good sensors and decent screen touch and last but not the least reliable battery life...one of the best phones I have purchased.
The battery life is amazing. Facial Recognition takes a little longer to detect than the finger print scanner. Camera quality is okayish when compared to AI powered cameras.
Not at all reliable product.Battery life is very short.Charging is quite slow.Camera quality is not good.Processor is slow.Overall this phone is not good.
Phone is Good. But issue with Connectivity to smart watch. I have a MK SERIES watch. Its doesn't connect to it. Am disappointed.Camera takes longtime to get stable on switching on.
I got defective piece. Proximity sensor is not working properly. And Amazon don't replace it. But camera,battery, display nice .overall performance is good .finger print, face recognition good
Battery performance is good ,Camera is also fine .Only dislike is its processing speed as it takes some time to switch to other application.
Liked everything about the phone,  processor,  camera quality, look and feel other than rear panel.. product is awesome. Great phone to buy
Phone build quality is very good and up to pointVery happy with this productI'm eagerly waiting for m40 to explore now
Useless product. Within 20 days I had to visit customer care. Display is dead. 3-4 days to replace display.
Very badWorst performance Customer care not supporting
An average phoneGood displayGood ram and storageAn average processorAverage cameraGood batteryAverage sound quality
Too fine quality phone.  Need not worry about battery life. Camera quality superb. We look still more smart and beautiful  than we are😊. Last but not the least fingerprint reader is awesome
1) Mobile look is awesome2)Good battery backup3)fastest mobile4)sound quality is good5)Good clarity6) best Mobile display7) camera quality  is not so good
Overall great device with features  on par with high-end phone available in the market.Nice picture quality and camera. No worries of battery draining ...even after heavy data usage...
Camera quality is good.The display playing the vital role for this mobile. For a normal usage the battery stays for good amount of time. Worth for money and satisfied with the product.
Very lovely phone at dis price. Completely worth, camera is really very good and wonderful battery life . If one is thinking to buy a new phone, one should buy m30.Thank you Samsung...
The only positive thing about M30 is its battery lifeVery slow processor, hangs quite a lot, fingerprint sensor too slow, camera quality average .Disappointed to have this phone.
MY EXPERIENCE WITH PHONE WITH ONE MONTH IS VERY BAD. PHONE HAS SO MANY  HANGING PROBLEM WITH FEATURES 6/128. I M VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH SAMSUNG M30. MOST OF TIME CALL SENSOR IS NOT WORKING .
Manufacturing Defect - multiple very small cracks near finger print sensor.
One of the best phone by Samsung.. Selfie camera is too good ..under 15000 this phone is great ..
I am reviewing this phone after 2 weeks ofbl usage. I really like this phone. Because of many factors like look wise, battery backup, cameras and build quality.
I am facing some touch problem and some times it's also hang and I must say the ads are so annoying which come at any time it's so embarrassing it start loudly during office hours. Very slow phone
Slim and light weight..Camera quality was good in the start but some dust had entered inside the camera glass due to which the photos are getting blur. Don't know how it entered..😔😔
Wonderful phone for the price offeredFingerprint works very goodBattery life is for 1.5daysCamera quality is ok
Camera is not as per Samsung quality wider range picture is curve from top
Battery Life - awesome, no need to charge for two days for my normal usageCamera - nice, especially front camera is very nicePrice wise I feel its a good buy
Heavy weight phone and not at all handie. And The super fast charger also not upto the mark. And the water drop notch design also like a jugady. Don't go for this model.
Nice mobile for Samsung.this phone is light.good touch,nice camera,nice sound,battery & very smoothly display.Plz add led indicator for notification.
Bad Screen quality, Camera quality is not good,  Microsoft Excel, word,  and pdf is not built in.....  Only Samsung name is big,...  M 30 is totally third class product.
Fast screen unlock features, excellent display screen, long lasting battery life, perfect selfies, nice blue light filter for eye protection...Sound quality could have been better...
This mobile is a good performer in terms of RAM,MEMORY and CAMERA.The operating system need to be upgraded to the latest ANDROID PIE OS, which samsung should provide at the earliest.
Not worthful to money... touch is not good.feeling like using an year old phone..Review was written after 10 days of using it...Cant able to give return as its 12 day I m giving the review
Amazing.. Phone that I have ever got.. All same functions with latest technology under 20,000 /- amazing..
It was mentioned that there will be a back cover which will be given with the phone.However there was none which was given.The phone is very good for the price range and features offered.
I liked the mobile ...the configuration is great in this price range....photo quality is ok...look wise good..
Phone is very good1.Headset not available2. Finger print sensor also good3. I want silicon case cover in box4. I am medium user because this phone is very good for me
Third class phone.... Yellow light display vry bad...in Live focus flash is not work.... Don't buy it......
Water or moisture resistance very poor this phone, my hands sweets and everytime this phone get slept, body and display get distracted
I like all features. Good camera quality. Battery life. Finger print speed..face un lock speed..good display quality..and more advanced features.  Totaly its a good product from its range
The phone is compact,performance of the phone is good.It gets heated up while charging from lower battery percentage.Battery is long standing  display is just fantabulous Always reliable.
The phone is really nice and is value for money. The camera is great and battery life is also nice.I have been using it for more than a month now and I am not regretting buying it..
Samsung has offered a really good  product at this price. It's the best you can get in this range.The battery life is awesome. Camera quality is good. Touch is excellent. Go for it!
The battery life is great..also the camera but the wide angle is not that good..the phone is super speed ..new update of android pie is available.good camera as compared to mi note 7 pro.
Good selfie camera...But there is no use of wide angle camera..poor quality 3MP camera..Battery life is good...Nice phone in this budget better than Mi phones...No heat no hanging problem
Slow fingerprint reader, amazing battery backup, normal build quality, amazing cemera nd display, average processor, can't play pubg at high setting,  buy it for watching movies nd video.
Phone is very good for office going people,,,but if you need extraordinary camera then don't buy,,battery life is awesome especially with saver mode on.Using it for last few months.
Samsung M30 Photo's are better.Now M30 Powered with Android Pie update,so better speed and best battery backup.Welldone Samsung  for the great perfectionThanksSANOJ
The perfomence is very good.It's display and battery life is awesome.It's battery run camera quality is also good and fingerprint reader is super fast. face unlock is also good.
Great in this price range. Liked it.
This phone has 5000 mah battery which is so helpful as its difficult to find such a phone in the given price, camera quality is also good and finger print reader also works fine
I got a defective product, camera is not working, Please replace it & send me new phone. Please help....
Fast Charger not working properly.Speaker volume below average
I am just loving this product a "must buy" product for all reading thisThe battery life is amazing ad the features that the phone has u m just loving it
Every feature is a proI know it may seem too cheap and the offer seems to attractive to be actually that goodbut it indeed is,Go for it Guys
I dislike ph. Faltu phone
I like that Samsung gives me android pie and one UI. Some youtubers says that Samsung not give any update but they are wrong I proud on my self by buying this product.
Just fantastic...no redmi,asus dare to come closer to it.
Very good phone, but costly as compare to other phone with similar spec.
Light weight and handy, performance is also good. Decent phone.
Good option in the given range. The screen is fabulous but overall the performance of the phone is average. If you are looking for a good camera then you will be disappointed.
Cheating Me Samsung and AmazonLaunch offer !! ?1. Mobile Cases and Srcreen Protector ?2. Total Damage Protector ?3. Jio Galaxy Club double data Offer ?
Good looking may not be good, the mobile Hanged on first day, it getting freez in every 2 - hours, amazon's after sell service is very disappointing
Amazing phone on this budget! awesome battery backup! I am not facing any other problem, but FaceLock is slow, it's a great phone for me and I  recommend you must buy
M30 with U is awesome..
Only display quality is awesome, rest other features are just OK, not so fabulous as compare then other brands in this price range.
With the money u spend, I will never get such a phone.. Please note the date too.. 😀
I love Samsung display.with 15k you almost get what you wanted to be ..I love Samsung m30 it's super amoled display make others attentive.happy and proud to be owner of mobile beast
Its been a Great phone till now.Nothing negative rating found from my side.Best phone and features.Have inspired others to buy this phone.
I'm using this phone from almost two months everything awesome.it is the best smart phone at this cost. If you are looking for a smart phone below 15k then go for itCamera is excellent
Comes with unnecessary annoying push ads. Need to be very careful while phone activation, not to tick and say okay for everything.
The display keeps going very bright some times. In speaker mode, sound is not very loud. But quality is good. Microphone is also good. Touch quality lacks some times
I like screen, it feels good in hand,battery life is good,camare decent,processor low performence, laggyness
Request you to don’t buy this product.  1) Overheating problem 2) No sound clearity 3 ) it takes more than one hour to charge 4 pathetic software very slow
Amazing product with excellent camera and battery life however fingerprint sensitivity is  something to be compromised.All to be summarised it is best phone available in market.
I find the phone as per my expectations in this price range. Battery is awsome. The touch screen and display is much better than others in this range. Truly the brand Samsung matters.
just received the phone, seems to be running an exceptionally fast since it runs a 6 gb ram, user experience is smooth, screen colour are vibrant, overall satisfied
I like  it because  fingerprint reader  is good .camara quality is super  and battery life is marvelous. In all very good.
It's a good mobile. But it is costly. You can get mobile with many features of other companies in cheaper  rate. I do not suggest  to buy it. Until unless you Samsung  lover.
Amazing screen amazing colors good value of money but small size and  very slow processor and speed is also slow average product camera was good and blur effect in this mobile not good
This is a  very best phone in small budget..Earphones  and cover can not give in this mobileSamsung is the best brand.
Phone takes more than 6 hrs to charge. It is not fast charging phone. Low light camera quality us very bad. 6 GB RAM also hang. Mobile heats very much when net is always on.
Not working properly.... Fingerprint sensor is too slow.... Very slow Performance..... Not charging rapidly..... It took 2 complete hours to charge 60% only.. Bad experience
Quite good phone, with better performance.Keep it up guys..
Fingerprint scanner  some bugs is thereAnd face recognition Is also some bugsAnother then m30 I's very goodFor normal usage and Samsung lovers is loved lot
Cameras very bad
Fingerprint  and face lock are poor otherwise phone is bestSlowmoshan videos is the main minus point of all M series phon .It should be given in next pie update.
nice camera quality
It's another excellent work from Samsung. Amongst all the phones I have used till date has the best battery life. The response of face recognition for a phone at this budget is fast.
It's an excellent phone with very uptodate features which one cannot find in many high end mobiles. Battery life is amazingly long enough. Camera is marvelous. I highly recommend it.
Overall look of the phone is good because of amoled display, battery backup is impressing, photos are bit shaky due to absence of stabilization, phone is bit slow.
There is a little problem on it , sometimes it doesn't listened anything on both caller side. After restarting the device it's working fine.Overall phone is good .
My handset is restarting again and again from the purchessed day. Did you replace handset ? Hanging trice-daily from the first day. Three times formatted but no use.
M30 is getting heat up while charging and gaming. I want to replace it but amazon care said me to install smartchk app and app showing device is ok but actually device is heat up.
Good phone... Samsung is selling experience rather than just specifications.
Better than M40 in terms of battey and display... M40 does not or come in amoled display even when it is an upgraded version of M30 and costlier..
Samsung Galaxy M3o is very good mobile phone.The one the I like is touch and display quality and little dislike is finger print sensor,it should be more sensible to touch .
Got a speaker issue with in couple of days.  Thanks to Samsung service center. Issue resolved by replacing new speakers. Overall phone performance is good.  I can give 3 🌟
It's a friendly phone. Camera quality is so nice... Even if I play the online games battery don't drain off fast.
After the pie update the camera quality is decreased by significant level  . Hope Samsung will upgrade it with some updates.Rest all is very well this is a very decent device.
Best part of this phone is its screen and battery life.Worst part is its finger print sensor is very slow.Camera quality is average.Functioning is good no lagging.
The phone is more sufficient in this price , camera quality, batter life is too good gesture and some advanced functions are so nice like sound setting screenshot and call alert etc
It has got superb glossy finish.Camera quality is amazing.Battery life is more as compared with similar smartphones of this category.Fingerprint reader works well.
With the basic software the mirror screening and game mode was not availed....but after the update it's all great and good.....Samsung is back with a great battery life.....Loved it
Samsung Galaxy M30 has a 6.4-inch Super AMOLED displayIt is powered by an Exynos 7904 SoC and has 4GB RAMThe 5000mAh battery helps the Galaxy M30 offer good battery life
 Really a great product compared to note 7 pro. Has fast charging and every other function is smooth.  Really satisfied with the product.
The display of the mobile is amazing and fingerprint reader js really fast but face lock takes some time.The ma8n thing in the mobiel is battery that is 5000 MAH that is impressive.
 Display is awesome but the face recognition and fingerprint scanner is slow and processor is good enough to play pubg on medium settings
Pros:DisplayBatteryOne UICons:Camera (no 4k)Fingerprint is slowAbove two can be fixed by software update.
Finger print reader / face detection  slowLow light photography  not so goodBattery super excellent  design goodInbuilt applock missing
Camera not workingAfter taking pictures shirt colors changing.There is no replacement option,After taking this mobile I come to know this mobile is failure.
I like the phone very much.
Superb.  Best camera, best battery life, best display,  better performance,  good looking back cover color combinations. Overall it is fantastic smartphone in this price range.  Go for it.
dear sir , the sim ejecting pin is not found inside the pack . as per the contents the ejecting pin was suppose to be there .Kindly issue one ejecting pin at the earliest
The Camera quality is superb.I like this phone so much i never believe that samsung provides an amazing product just approx for 15 k.Even i purchase  M20 also.
the os is outdated ,it is not looking nice,the body of the mobile is too delicate but the screen is awesone,the speaker is not good.so out of 5 i ll give 2 for this mobile
The best Phone I've ever Used till dateBest Battery Life, Best Camera and best SCREEN experience for meIf there were headphones in the Box then it were to be Better🔥
The phone is good value for money... the display is good.... and has a nice camera clarity...
Best Handset by Samsung. Worth for money. 1 small drawback is the back panel is vibrates while ringing.
Product is very good, but the delivery boys is bad in nature, not talking in good language to customer while giving the product.  full details about delivery boy : +912067325555 PIN 6544
M30 Fingerprint was fast and good process.  At the same time camera quality was nice pictures better than other mobiles. finally samsung M30 was very good product in 2019.
Likes:1. Battery life awesome2.Camera quality is very good under light3. Mobile outlook is awesomeDislikes:1.Sometimes finger print sensor not working
I would say this a battery beast phone and the performances of this Master30 is fantabulous and I guess this will make Samsung the best smartphone brand in the 3rd quarter of 2019.
the build quality of this device is very poor. may be this is the tactic they are using to make more money. After sale service is very costly. I suggest not to go with this product
Like display  very much... I was using iPhone before... This phone is equal to that in performance... Nice. I like it very much
The battery life is very long and can  run up to a day and half depending on the usage.The camera quality is also good...
Well the most features of the phone are amazing and out of all the battery back is definitely worth mentioning,  overall a great return for the few rupees we pay
Thank You Amazon & Samsung
Nice battery iss so powerful and charging is super fast fingerprint sensor is nice
Everything in a nutshell. Feature packed camera which could be more effective with some system upgrades.
Such a wonderful device from Samsung. The Amoled display is stunning and over all performance of the mobile is quiet impressive as well!
Good performance, good camera quality at this price, good features, battery backup is very goog, lots of space as i bought 128gb.
Excellent photo/Video Quality ,,Need to improve Stabilization during Video Recording,, Samsung can add Slowmotion also..Overall Good Performance & Battery Backup
Processor is little slow compared to other same range devices battery backup is good display is great one of the best phone to buy in this price  range
What a awesome handset in this price range. Go for it.
Phone performance is very good, no heating, camera quality is very good, last minimum two days with full charge inspite of using it extensivly
Both frnot and back camera quality is moderate not best.. finger print scanner is good and battery back up is satisfying which I expected. Overall product is good in average budget.
Rear Camera(s) are not as per expectations but, overall performance of this device is good.
Unnecessary apps.  Choice should be given to uninstall unncessary apps.  Cable supplied with charger is too short.  Back cover is vibrating during conversation.
The proximity sensor not working..I m bye this mobile in last mobile the proximity sensor are not work so why bye this mobile..I m totally disappointed  Samsung brands..
Till date Samsung best smartphone in the good budget.I am using since last month and it's fantastic special the battery had the life in this cruel applications world.
Sensor Awesome sensitivity......comparing with other mobiles M30 camera shows the real view picture and battery life no words to say really awesome  perfect mble for small budjet
The best mobile I have ever used. The battery is simply amazing. The camera is superb and the phone's look make it look like a very costly phone but it is available only at 15000
It was awesome mobile with triple camera or long battery duration overall the Mobile was very good
The Best phone fron samsung frim this price range... ultimate gamig experience and camera is exceptionaly good ...overall awsome phone and worth money
The phone has all the basic needs a common man needs and the software is updated to latest version which makes it a high profile one.
Sometimes laggy but has good cache memory, so playing games like pubg and multitasking doesn't mean the app restarts .
It's been a month now and the phone have lags. :-(
Product is excellent but when playing video you turn the mobile video lags a bit , battery , camera ,fast charging is good ,USP of phone is its SAMOLED display
Looking like a cheap third class mobile.Camera not goodTouch not smoothLagging user interfaceUnnecessary apps
Overall worthy mobile I like it . Sometimes fingerprint reader is not recognizing its showing no match otherwise everything is good camera and battery quality is superb
I liked this phone a lot..it looks so cool when you hold it in your hand..finger sensor,photo image quality,battery life everything is simply amazing..its worth the amt
The phone is very slow. The day i got this, isn't working up to the mark. I have visited the customer service and they have the usual excuse reset your phone and so on.
phone is good looking and back cemra in good but not good and dslr feature ..zooming qulity not good and phn smooth and slim amuled display is very good
Value for money
Reviewed pictures i clicked with The M30The product is very good and better compared to Mi note 7 pro,oppo,vivo
Heating issue over
Good screen & battery life
Phone is very goodBattery life superbCarema is very goodOnly problem is its fingerprint reader that's not good some times it reads some times u try no of times
Nice mobile only camera showing some weak
Very good phone, with an amazing speed in this price provided by samsung. Go for it guys.. its battery life works for 2 days and selfie quality is very good..
My overall experience is pretty satisfied. There some things to be updated from software side. Like fingerprint sensor update and some applications update is required.
Worth for money, plastic body but ok.. we all use case for our phone.. but no case in box which is bad where every other companies offer screen guard and case for free
It doesn't work in USA and no where it is mentioned.
I like everything except the fiber back of this phone and processor of this phone as sometimes it lags while opening normal apps like uber or candy crush game
Amazing phone i have  everseen wirh this budget range. Fast  charging. Better RAM speed, awesome Samsung UI.Wide camera feature is awsome  and Selfi camera is  Very good .
not expecting lagging & hanging from Samsung after these many years at this priceSold out in olx
Backup is good, charging is somewhat better than std chargers.. scren n camera r awesm...
It is such an awesome product but only for the light & medium users.Pros:1.Battery2.Display3.CameraCons:1.Processor2.Sensors3.UI
It's an amazing phone worth the money. Battery life , finger print sensor and battery life , all three are outstanding. I would highly recommend this phone to any other person.
I like this product,  some times fingerprint reader not working camera picture quality better than other models this price range,Iam satisfied 100% of this product battery life
An excellent smartphone at this price. Best in the market. Super battery life and sAmoled display is something you will fall in love with. If you prefer quality then go for it.
Display is excellent. Camera all over good not great ... Selfie camera its better than other phone..... so, its value for money.... Battery is 5000mah..... so good phone to buy
I couldn't  able to listen properly  or the person  on other side also not able to list me during call, there  must be issue of speaker  and the battery  gete drain  in 24 hrs.
But lack of feature  like no internet  speed  in status  baar no photo  click on touch fingerprint  but a powerful  battery  and other things are bestNo indicator light ☹
No doubt product was fine , but main think is that the delivery boy didn't took my sign of acknowledgement and directly left . This is not a good practice.
I like so much of my samsung galaxy m30,  40  days i try and get this mobile, that time onwards I'm waiting for this mobile, i recommended to my friends also
Stunning mobile & the Amoled display is just awesome. Samsung done a great job in the midrange budget Mobiles. It seem like as if the mobile costs around 25k
Phone working good but fingerprint does not work properly,  some time it doesn't work , also heating problem in 5 minutes , when playing game (pubg)
Value for Money
One of yhe excellent phone i ever used,battery life is another extraordinary feature which keep this phone ahead of others.
It's battery is upto the mark and Fingerprint reader is also goodI started using the phone since 2-3 days so can't say the overall features but it's very smooth
Camera quality is good but not up to that mark that is expected with three cameras. Updation of sowftware make the processing 1 to 2 sec slower than previous software
A very good mobile phone in this range. The performance is superb. There are minor UI issues while using camera where black broken transition UI is shown momentarily.
Very good camera quality both rear and front but little bit improvement is needed in sense of pixel...  Data connectivity is low, but battery and fast charging is owsam
All is goodOnly there is no headphoneThere is no back cover alsoI give 4.8*****
Face recognition is way better than I expected. Samsung Device Care is a best thing for optimization.
Have to work more on face sensor.Thought i will be like samsung j series of bad battery and lagging issues , but shocked of having good battery and no hanging or lagging issues.
Battery being the best in this case with a not so bad supporting camera (rear) but the front could have been better in case of resolution. Budget friendly deal for this phone.
This phone battery  back up is very good.camera quality  is also good but some improvements in camera. Fingerprint reader is very good.I m using this phone for 4 months.
 It's all good but it is not perfect for gaming. All though the phone is good.And fingerprint,camera and battery life is very nice.
Since purchase of the mobile we are facing lot of problem. The phone is getting hanged while operating any operation.. Want to return the same. But unable to do it. Need help.
Looks good.Only plastic back is disappointed me.Samsung try to make best budget sagment and they achived it but processor,camera, plastic body suffers.
amazing 5000mAh battery lifesuper amoled displaydedicated slottriple camerawith fast charger in box.💥💥
Superb phone with all features.
Battery is good. Camera also good effortable price.
Best device for low to average users, camera settings need upgradation such as manual function while clicking.Rest is the best i can get from samsung at this rangeThankyou
I am using samsung after long time and found it's better than other products. Battery and camera are awesome. There is no sign of hanging and speed rocks...
Best phone nothing is dislike in samsung meI have being used samsung since 15 years & I am full satisfied with your product.
Excellent phone in its range. Good battery life and quality of build. But there is some room of improvement in the camera quality.
Best phone in this range with variety of features such as face recognition, fingerprint reader, triple camera with amazing picture quality, excellent battery backup.
Don't think buy it you  will not regret its amazing  before  I bought  there were all negative  reviews all over media n number one was mi 7 I was using  mi note 4 .
Fingerprints reader is not working correctly  waste fingerprints lock
I like super amoled display, camera the most especially wide angle and battery is awesome. Overall performance is quite impressive and for game like pubg is little bit laggy.
Fingerprint reader works good. Camera quality is beautiful.  Battery works efficiently for long times, as well as 24 hours regular in use.
Fingerprint is ultimateCamera quality is marvelousBattery life is awesomeInternet means GoogleMobile means Samsung onlyTotally super hero mobile
Amazed with the Phone, its an absolute delight to be using this phone with the kind of configs it has. A loyal Smasung user. Will stay that forever.
Very Nice Phone
Picture quality is too good, screen/touch, interface is also good. Battery is real 5000, lasts 48 hrs on moderate use and 30 hrs on heavy usage.
Really amazing Samsung giving us best quality smart phones in nowadays yeah we can say that one of the biggest problem of Samsung is that didn't give you Snapdragon processor.
Nice design,  Good Battery life, satisfied when upgraded to Android 9,Softwares are ok,Finger print response is slow, Camera quality is average
You sent a damaged product and it fully scratched on back side panelyour technician also verified this things please try to satisfy to your customers
Gradation back is amazing, good for moderate to high user but not for high end gaming as it lags sometime, samsung experience is good UI but can do better.
Samsung m30 amzing  mobile phone battery backup 5000mah awsome
MY PHONE IS HANGING AND HEATING , VERY BAD MY PHONE , OTHER PHONE DETAILS I DONT KNOW
Excellent battery life... We can run phone two days without charging tensionCamera quality is excellentFast Finger print reader compare to other mobiles
All is well  , the real meaning of phone is call Samsung m30 , new update of phone working awesome Battery life and charger is awesome ,, camera is also awesome
Superb,osome, gorgeous phone.Best thing is triple camera, picture quality and super amoled display.Fingerprint is fast.Superb backup battery.
It's a good product, good quality camera, good quality display, battery life very very good fast charging  I LIKE THIS M³⁰,fast fingerprint reader, front camera high quality
M30 fingerprint is very fast camera quality is very good is this price range and battery backup great its backup 2 days in my rgular full day usage and display is also good.
I liked the display and camera of this phone. Battery life could be better.
I've been using it for a week. The display is amazing. Battery life is good. The phone looks premium. Stop hesitating, and go for it. You won't regret it.
Value of money
Best in the segment.
Ghatiya product
Phone battery back is very good, phone look is very impressive, camera quality good. Overall good phone at this price, go for it
Other mobile cover more distance without Wide Angle camera but this phone cover same distance with wide angle camera without Wide Angle camera it covers many short distance
At this price segment it's the best phone along with a brand name Samsung its display is just wow and camera is also very good.Just amazing.....
Good phone with fast processor  long life battery. Camera quality is also good not excellent like s9. Little bit hang problem like most Samsung phone otherwise good choice.
Fingerprint sensor need to little improved as it couldn't recognize early.....battery life is not comparable with any other smartphone bcz its best...camera quality is good
Fingerprint reader doesn't not respond at times and touch also unresponsive sometimes you have to tap two times. Overall the phone is very good one ui is biggest take away!
Camera Quality is not good to compare to other same range phones, Touchpad is so slow working sometimes not work after lock or restart the phone will be started the working
i have buy the mobile on april 13th but now its not working my phine is dead sudenly...withouth out any crack on my phone nor water drop also.....wrost mobile in my carrier
I got M30 yesterday  via Amazon flash sale.Mobile battery backup and display awesome but camera not upto the mark.bad quality in photos taken in both rear and front camera.
Working well
Good phone for the price
Samsung Galaxy M30 rocks
screen is very good. camera is good. impressive battery
Sound could be better. Fingerprint sensor is ok and all other things excellent.  Best in the range
Nice mobile in budget.i like it. camera quality is good.live focus is good battery also only build quality is lil bit low overall nice product by samsung in 15 k
Game changer for samsung regular mobiles
Great  battery
Fingerprint sensor recognition very bad. Toch response is bit slow compared to other mobiles. Camera is just ok. Battery is good for me because I'm not a heavy user or gamer.
Poor quality sound not proper work dummy product sale on Amazon site do not purchase logo chutiya banana ka business hai local shop sa kharidna
Fingerprint reader is very sensitive and camera quality is awesome. Battery works more than 24 hours with continue use
The phone is allover not so good....Selfie camera is ok..but the rear camera is not the said quality..battery drained quickly..is not like 5000mah...bad exprience..
It is pretty slow compared with other mobile phones of the same range. It is really poor when in low light. But after recognizing for multiple times it is getting better.
A very good product in this price range. Impressive camera quality and battery life but an average fingerprint sensor as the reach to sensor is not ergonomically correct.
Finger print, camera quality and battery life are good but sometime phone is hanging. This situation I have to restart the phone to resolve this. Rest everything is fine.
1st one was defective and after replacement cell phone was ok but charger is not working. Both time got defective item, not satisfied.
Worst phone
Really appreciate you people to give a such a beautiful mobile which is value for money and has got nice features...only thing a miss is low voice...not so clearly audible
its osm product
Nice product
Nice product
Camera quality is less than mediocre. Don't get sold on two rear cameras. It can work well only in 'pro' mode.
It's a very nice ptoduct by samsung.Battery life is totally worth it and the performance of the phone is also very smooth. The camera is also worth it.
Display, battery its awesome butIts performance, speed is less, I'm not installed game but also sometimes hangingFront and back camera good
Excellent phone with 6gb RAM and 128 GB memory space. Speed is excellent. Camera fantastic. Totally amazing .Worth buying this phone. Thank u Amazon for delivering within one day.
Battery is very good,camera quality is good,face reading is not fast.... Overall phone is value for money.....Fast charge is very good..
Rear Camera could have been betterQuality of pictures are not that up to the mark as per Samsung brand
Camera qwality good this phones, bt when u open your front camera nd take a picture, then u see that, the clik is auto rotate.. this features is very bad on this phone..
Crisp Super AMOLED displayGood camera performance in daylightSolid battery lifeTake 128GB plus 6GB Ram for faster performance incase if any play Games.
-M30 get android 9(pai) version update within 7 days.- Processor gave good performance,u can play pubg on medium graphics.- super AMOLED  display is awesome.
Fingerprint reader is very quick. Quality of camera is superb specially front camera..battery life 2 and half day after one month of usage. Worth of purchase this phone.
Everything in M30 is perfect in this cost... Wow mobile... Plz don't ever compare with other phones especially mi ... Samsung is always stands higher. Thank u samsung...
3x fast charging camera is good.  clearty wise phone  in all features are awesome. I am enjoying it.2 or 3 times my phone has charging problem. But now it's fine..
i got it on march 20th and after 25days got a problem with voice calls.  weather it software problem or hardware prblm i dont bt evry 5seconds call mute on automatically
Not that much of good I expected. Very poor quality camera. Network & internet very bad & slow. Only battery is good.
All features of the phone are good. But if you are watching a video then the touchscreen is a problem to pause the video. Touchscreen is not upto the mark.
Best display and battery under 15k segment
Best phone of 2019 according  to me. If not highly specific  than even better than one plus 7 (not pro) at this price range.
Good fingerprint sensor.Camera qaulity good.Battery life is excellent.Touchscreen is very smooth.Very lightweight.Over all very good phone
It has a good clarity of camera and speed of the phn is appreciable. And a good vibe to carry it. No any problem regarding cache memory, bw. Just an issue of earphones.
it is very lightweight handset with great battery backup and  camera with lots functions.fast charging is one of most valuable feature.battery last for day or two days.
It is a one of the phone in present comption world . I think that is is one of the best phone at this price segment than compared to other phones  at this price segment
The best thing about this mobile is battery life is outstanding.i get about 28hr of and Camara is awesome and wide angle lens is very good over all best phone about 15k
Look wise it was great.Battery life is amazing.No heating issues.Camera is average not up to the mark.Processor is not good for games like pubg.
All good at the price offered. Wish amazon could help me in transferring data from old phone to new. Also had to follow up delivery. Delivery status update not to mark.
Very nice
Its major negative point is its processor
It gives a decent  battery but i am disappointed with that it doesn't  give a result of 5000mah battery and the camera is also not very much good it is only an average camera
The best phone of samsung under this prize....best camera and body.....the design is very unique and its very handy....affordable battery life...all over awesome phone
I booked galaxy m30 on 2nd April 2019 and it was delivered to me on 4th April 2019. And this product hanged scince last night and not working till so can I change it ?
Worst phone wastage of money only rumors great dissapointing processor and software crashing allthe way bulshit decision of purchasing this phone
It is very weak. Just a fall from 3 feet the screen broken. The tempered glass did not break. Very poor quality product from Samsung.
It is a very good phone.camera quality is awesome. Battery is so big.fast charging ver y fast.very very styles phone but not best for game but you can play game.Awesome display
i always use samsung phone this is the best phone in this range till now camera is superb and battery last long i love it go for it
All above this M30 phone is excellent in this  price range,comparing to Chinese phone.
This product is defective and the phone gets heated so soon.. It needs a replacement or refund my amount by taking the product back.
Mobile is very good but no back cover and glass available easily in market till now..
I am a sumsung customer since am 18 and I love to use sumsung mobile,its  my favorite  I have no issues on sumsung mobile, because  I love sumsung..
Exactly the phone I wanted..superb battery life, camera quality superb..slightly slow fingerprint sensor...Samsung brand reliability..just go for it
This is not okk front camera of this is not like and light is also very low as i expect by this phone i want my money back from amazon😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
Battery life is the best part in this range ..camera quality is goodFingerprint reader is ok  I think it take a little bit more time for opening screen
Dislike
Everthing is perfect. But its camera not very good.
Average camera Quality
The camera quality is amazing with very clear pictures even after zoom. The battery lasts for a day and a half. I am enjoying every moment.
Very good phone in this price range. No hardware or software issues no hanging compared to mi phones. Good camera.
Too much of Advertisemet problem...Fingerprint  sensor  not working  properly,,camera - battery-display are very good,,,,slim good looking mobile,,,
Good product
Very good phone in budget from Samsung Mobiles.  Smart look and nice working
Excellent Product. Very good Battery.
This product is awsome and thanks to samsung for making this good product in very low cost
The battery is the best which is why bought this phone...the performance is amazing amd the camera for me is very good...absolutely worth the money
The phone is overall fine. However the camera quality is not so good.Also, sometimes the phone hangs. I believe this is what Samsung is famous for.
Battery backup 5k mah is awesome. I will be always on  wifi/ 4g. 2 days battery backup. Very light weight.  Display is very good. Camera quality is awesome.
Nice phone....Good battery lifeNyz performanceSuperb displayEasily got scratch on back sideCamera give more whitening...
Phone is very good. Battery life is amazing camera quality is also very good. Display is also very very good. Just a short problem some time phone works little slow.
I am fully satisfied with this handset. Just wanted to share the camera quality is good but not upto the expectations becuase it's a triple camera.I expected a lot .
Excellent performance & power backup. Hope Galaxy M30ians will get pie update in upcoming time.
Awesome smartphone,,,,,,lovely display. Lovely camera...outstanding phone....
good
Good
Good product but problem on screen .no screen guard set on screen .when guard set on screen front right side air shown.pls solve the problem.
Camera quality is good nice display and charging very speed but when i am switch on Hotspot it was taken high percentage of power
Nice phone at this price but not too powerful to play pubg
Very nice phone, value for money.
Good
The touch sensetivity is very poor. Often habe to touch several times
Ok.. It is a better option if main preference is battery(best of all time) in accordance with performance it is ok. Not suitable for heavy gaming.
I like samsung mobile,its build quality and after sales are the best but its  mobile note looking  great also body materials,  samsung plz improve
The battery life on single full charge is getting reduced. Sometimes, the screen behaved warily. Also the responsiveness of touch screen is not that great.
Defect configuration in inbuilt Camera, needs an update. Can't change the modes in camera to liovefocus, auto and other options(Camera app getting Struck).
Battery  performance  is not  up to the expectations ,little  disappointment in battery  performance,no heating issue,phone  doesn't  hang even after continuous usage.
Device is getting heated up.. please don't buy
Overall performance was pretty  much satisfied , had a doubt about the processor but it's simply awesome still now no trouble at all For gamers it's really a heaven
Fingerprint reader is slow ,camera quality is satisfactory in this price range, no slow motion recording, excellent battery life , fast charging , brilliant display
One of the best mobile in Samsung product basket.Previously I was using Motorola G series and I was very fond of Moto G. Feels very comfortable with M30 also.
There is no match for Samsung with the features being offered in this phone. Just about everything is so good about this piece from Samsung. Kudos to the R n D team
Battery life is satisfactory.  Fingerprint  sensor is good . Smirky at times though. Camera gets you decent images in daylight.Got updated to Samsung's  OneUI
Its a awsome phnLoved itt 😍Battery backup is fantasticBoth rear and front cameras are goodIts processor was superb but not for gaming
Amazing phone with this price range. True value for money. If you're looking for a fantastic amoled display and amazing 3 camera for better photography. This is it.
Amazing, this is an awesome product. The screen quality is very good, camera is amazing. Image stabilization is not so good but overall it's fantastic. I like it...
Nice phone in this price. But Fast charging is not too good. 10% to 100% charging takes 2+more hour
nice screen, but processor weak. not good in gaming. best for daily use. camera quality best. some bugs should be fixed.
Good Mobile
6 GB variant is perfect in terms of performance. 4gb variant might lag behind but this variant is perfect .. hope that Samsung one ui update will come soon
Good
God product
Good value for money phone...Loaded with all the features n latest configuration.Battery is a mammoth's size 5k mah.
6gb 128 gb model is best.. user interface is so good..No lag.. android 9 pie update is also available..Best choice in this range
Having little issues with charging. It takes a long time to charge sometimes. It is a little heavy. Phone is good at this price.
Good
It's only a day till now. It's been impressive first day.
Battery very fast drain
Good product.  Handling multiple apps becomes easy. Background blur adjustment even after photo is taken is a plus. Overall best phone in budget!
Its wonderful mobile with great camera capabilities and strong graphics support and battery life which helps using phone for songs and daily communication
Smoothies phone i have ever had with best price in all market. When i have option to get Samsung phone, who else buy apple or one plus at higher price !!!
I like the display, battery life, UI of the product , overall its a good product to go for, camera is also good and doing well, I recommend it all of you.
Too goodI'm using this phone since 15 daysI found no disappointmentLoved itBut battery is not so good as mentionedBut too gd
Battery life of the phone is super awesome!Low light camera sucks!Easy multi tasking!Nice display.Speakers are not loud and clear!
I really like the battery power of this phone . The wide lens option adds a great option for taking pictures. Overall a  good smartphone for 15000 budget.
Finger print reader is slow. Cams are good. Battery backup is very good. Temperature controls are okay.  Not excellent,  but good phone.
Better camera quality expected as claimed in the promotion advertisement
Just processor wise its behind the competition else phone is very nice..
It is amazing product bought by Amazon. I spend full day with my phone because battery life too good. I captured my every joyful moments. Totally wonderful product
Nice colors,battery capacity,accuracy, perfect for everything to use even pubg but battery drains a little bit ,no slow motion,no continous  shots,multiple windows
I love this product so much....really tanxx to samsung who lanched this product in such a lowest price....and also thanxx to amazon who deliverd it to me so fastly
Face recognition is not fast and Dolby atoms is not working properly. There is no difference if Dolby atoms is switched on or off when listening to music or movie.
All over good in this range
Camera is worse , although it has triple camera but it won't benefit as no clarity will be there in the image . Battery is good and overall performance is average .
It's really awesome
Phone is slow as it has 6 gb ram
One of the worst phone by samsung. Fast Battery darining,heating issues, it's take about 3hours to full charge
BEST....
Finger print sensor working very fastly... camera quality is very Good.. we can capture wide range pics also..long life battery
Features and performance is just perfect for a phone in this price range..Camera quality is good.Fingerprint reader however lags sometimes.
Nothing has to be for dislike this time in this phone. Battery performance is awesome. Camera is also better then other phone even in night it clicks best photos.
All are good. Only one draw back is internet speed is very less when sim is put in slot 2 in network range is low. When I put my sim in slot 1 it is working fine.
Pros:DisplayCameraPriceCons:Awkward placement of the fingerprint sensorBattery life could have been betterSlightly laggy
Got a defective piece. There was a slight bulge on the side of the phone.Overall the phone is good but the quality of image in wide angle mode is very poor.
The fingerprint is fast but face recog. Does not work in low light.battery life is decent .volume without headphones is low.also headphone is not provided in box.
Good
Good phone
Sound quality is very bad and slow.in comparison old Samsung phones
I received faulty device one month ago. Dust particles enters in rear cameras resulting which back spot in photos. Which is not expected from Samsung.
Excellent
it was good but it fell down from hand and display is not working and..its more sensity..Married people should be careful while buy such kind of mobile
Firstly it's good.. But after pie and one UI update it is just awesome..And i have only one complain with camera. That's is the stability sensor.
The only dislike is that the end to end display is not covering full screen, which is contradicting promised features and so look like a normal display
Great! Received OneUI upgrade.Amoled display and 5000mAh battery life.Average performance, enough for daily usage.
Very Good
M30 gives u an awesome camera xperience sound got better from the other samsung devices from this price.. All over excellent performance device in this price tag
Samsung m30 is good like it processor,screen,charging technology,battery capacity and much more finally I say it good product
Good pls send invoice copy
I am so happy & faster phone net , battery, camera all faction phone
Phone is always showing no network on my jio sim while the same sim shows full network on other phones i thinks i got a defective one
The Smartphone has such qualities,as one would expect in such supportive pricing policy.However the camera performance is not so good in case of Rare Camera's.
Samsung M30 is very attractive...with best battery  backup and performance. The camera's  quality  is also finest  among  all the phone within  the same range.
Samsung M30 is excellent phone in recent upcoming mobiles compare to them battery performance is awesome and picture quality is good overall paisa vasull phone
I have just picked mobile an Amazon.com Samsung m30.I am so happy to get the mobile. All mobile features is very good.So I am happy to take right decison
Samsung Galaxy M series mobile is one of the best phone compair to the others. My bro is a Samsung lover. He is very happy with this.
I like Samsung Galaxy m30 very nice fingerprint sensor  very fast face unlock very and battery and camera very nice.
Good phone..value for money!Only hearing quality not very good.
good
Good
Great phone after 15 days of usage the phone is working very good.Nice deal.Camera and fingerprint sensor is quite good.
Battery life is very nice but play the game then it will faster draining. Fingerprints sensor is very fasted but face recognition is slow but it's ok.
Best phone in range
But the camera quality decreases in wide mode in natural light.
Glad that I bought this phone.. looks so premium in hand and the display is next level.. trust me you will b pleased by d display.  Even the back is simple and stylish.
Not feeling good
Had a wait for M40.. but after seeing the lesser battery capacity, gone for M30..Worth buying. Awesome display and great battery,decent camera.
Good mobile by Samsung Brand....battery life and display are excellent...camera could have been better.....nice mobile phone in budget...go for it 😃
Working well till now... Superb display and good camera in this budget.Samsung has really created value for money product to compete with Chinese smartphones
Mobile is worth for 15K.... Everything is perfect except the fingerprint sensor some times not responding..
Everything is as per specs.Good product. Great battery life.Don't like the color scheme though.
A good budget phone , excellent battery life and screen quality . Camera is also good with the only phone with 3 cameras at this rate . A excellent purchase .
Battery is bigger but not good enough for the screen size. Lasting a day though with good usage of internet and videos. If unused it lasts longer than 2 days.
Best product at this price range1. Excellent amoled display2. User interface is amazing3. Trending features4. Battery life is 36 hours
The camera quality is awesome of this phone n I even liked the battery life. It's fingerprint reader is great .I highly recommend this phone to all the buyers
I am using Samsung M30 last one and half month super camera super battery life and also updated with Android Pie overall super experience with this Smartphone
As per my opinion, I like m20 than m30, I am using both the mobiles, dual colour is worst on back of the mobile,  it feels like cheap brand,  no Samsung feel.
Nice product by samsung..only camera can be a bit better and the status bar does not show bluetooth and silent icons..hope Samsung will improve this on update
Performance is very goodBattery life is amazingDisplay quality is brilliantCamera performance is a bit lowAll over a beast smartphone by Samsung
Quality optimized device.
In 5 hours on 40% charged
the display is very bad . . when ut comes to tilt it has some black spots then immediately it gets desapear  .. . hope it will get fix soon . . in next update
Camera  very bad not clear vision
The phone is overall good and worthy for money, except for the tripple camera, for me that was the main attraction.Picture quality is very bad.
Guys pls dont buy this monile. Waste of Money and not at all good
This is best product i have never this type of product with the cost like fingerprint, camera quality & battery life. Mainly battery life is so good
Should be more fast in opening the application navigation etc..but it lags.A machine with 6GB x 128GB is expected to be more faster than this.
Firstly thanks Amazon fast delivery within 43 hoursVery nice product Samsung Galaxy M 30 bettry very good camera good looking very good sound very good
Slow finger print and not great camera also built quality is not great
As per specification the battery is 5000 mah. But cpuz app is showing only 3340 mah. Which one is correct?
I like the legendary battery power and camera and also the speed but a slight dissatisfaction is the fingerprint and face recognition which are a slight slow
I got best mobile with maximum high configuration for good price. Great battery life and very good camera resolution. It is really worth buying this product.
You need the best budget phone here it is. The phone is fully loaded it has good processor, good camera, good battery. The fingerprint sensor is so very fast
I like m30 bcoz it's look good , and front camera quality is best...with excellent battery backup..I always believe in Samsung...God luck for future...
It's very good phone with amazing look and having better battery life.. M series phone much better than old series and M30 just amazing. keep it up Samsung..
Defective product. Maybe there was a problem with it's OS, it wouldn't turn on even after hours of charging. It just stops at the samsung logo and That's it.
This us not 5000 mah battery.I think battery 3000 mah and fingerprint is not working properly  not good battery backup. West of money doesn't buy this phone.
Please don't buy these product. Only one camera is work rest 2 are no use.... Just for show they have give them.... Even fingerprint is not working  properly
Worst camera quality so far.Don't go for this phone if your are looking for phone with Good camera. Front and back both camera picture quality is below average.
Screen is best . Professor is also works good.
Screen size and camera and performance are good
This price rate is not a Good Processor  is very slowlyThis Price rate or finger print slow6 GB RAM or 128GB ROM
Display amazingTouch SuperbCamera Very NiceFace, Finger Sensor Very GoodSpeed ExcliantOverall Very Good, Excliant
Best Battery life...superb product by Samsung... allrounder perfomance interms of Processor, Camera,Battery , Super Amoled display...great phone in this price segment ...
Nice
Excellent battery life, speed and clarit.Need to improve camera quality.
I bought m30 I love it super cam clarity I loved it
M series is a good mobile from Samsung good picture clarity and screen quality overall good
Excellent product but camera quality is not good and USB port damage within 1 month otherwise good
A very good phone which is value for money. Has a responsive camera in all light conditions and a two day battery
Thanks Amazon  22 hours delivered phone Samsung m30 awesome phone love u Samsung  & Amazon thnx love u ❤️ #HD🤘🏻
First I like  this  device  for  lovely  look. And its  supper amolled display  .longtime  battery life. And  its  camera  . Amazing  phone  at this  price.
In short it is great to have this phone in this price segment and camera., battery life is so good..and the display is just awesome.. 👌👌.. Value for money
i dislike this fone due heating problem. during charging this phone heating to high. m afaiding to use this fone during charching or after charging 10mints.
Good Phone
Bakwas
Its worth for money, but very slim, better it should be with back cover... Any way perform is very nice..
Processor was slow n battery bht jaldi chale jati hai
Speaker is not working ....... service center says that motherboard is wrong
All Round Best Smart phone on Galaxy Seris
Good product worth the price. Atlast a better product at an affordable range from Samsung
Nice product
Super
Super
Can do better
Mobile is working well and photos are of very good quality. But received a faulty charger, customer care is very slow in replacing the charger.
Nice phone
Samsung need to provide hands free. Also need to give at least one back cover.I went to market where it was not available and even Samsung store could not help.
This phone is really great in all department. Specially the battery backup is awesome.gives about 14hrs on screen with heavy usage of internet.
Considering the price for a Samsung ph Screen, battery  life,  sound quality & performance is good. Brand value is extra addition.  Recomended.
Superb phone having super amoled display with huge battery backup.. camera clarity was also nice.. highly recommended phone in this price range
Battery backup is poor
Finger print sensor is goodCamera is also goodBattery life is awesomeSamsung BrandingSuper Amoled screen is the best part in M30
Battery endurance is the best. Also the wide angle view of the camera is excellent... yet to explore all the features, so far a very satisfying product.
The finger print scanner is not at all responding. And some times few things are very slow. I took 6gb ram but I could not feel that speed the phone is.
This is really good must buy, pros: lightweight stunning display,battery backup  cons:stilldoesnot get android pie update ,this phone is running on oreo
Samsung has come out with a very good range of M series phone.excellent battery, smooth working and more than sufficient storage. totally a beast phone.
The product meet my expectations...some of the apps are not responding in this device ...while the Same app responding in other devices....can be better
Selfi camera not better only face focus back ground not clear pic wastege phon
Mobile was ok for the budgeted
Worst mobileLot of adds on home screen,Too much irritationI thought it as a mobile, but its a dust bin
Liked very much simply because of awesome display and powerful battery 😍
What
Nice mobile....fingerprint is good but not best....Camera is also nice....but flask light is some yellowish.....and battery charging and backup is good
Good battery , overall  nice phone
Camera 10. 08Display 10. 09Battery 10. 10Perfect 👍👌😊
Fingerprint reader is best, front camera is superior than rear camera in my opinion and battery life of Samsung mobile is excellent as always.
Please don't buy. Only good thing is battery life. Camera poor, fingerprint scanner poor, UI bad. I thought I was upgrading from MI 4s but no.
I love this phone. Bcoz phone is so amezing for Battery life,Working functionalty and better Camera.Slow Motion video recording is not available.
A special mobile with Class features. Its battery backup is just awesome. I think Samsung have taken a step beyond its limitation of battery backup....
Superamoled display is amazing. Performance  is very fast. The Battery life is excellent. Rear Camera should be improved. Fingerprint sensor is better.
Not expected 15k range, finger prints sensor is too slow, camera average, display is good the only this that is good. Net speed slow.
Nice phone. Better go for 128 gb
Classy
Super phone been using from one month..liked the phone like anything..best part is battery stand by is super...minimum two days easily..
Pros:DisplayBattery lifeDolby speakersLight weightCons:OS 8.1 Android 9.0 would have been great!!Backcover is not given
I need help with my charger its quite slow because it says its 3× charge but its slow it take 2 hours to fully charge my phone please help me with this.
Its avarage phone,  it's good to check emails,  watch videos listen music, not good for game lovers. Camera is also average.
The device is overheating. I cannot use it for a long period.  I have not seen this much of heating in any other smartphone.
Satisfy withBattery backup3 slotsCameraDisplayNot satisfy withLow lightNot yet updated to android 9.0
Touch screen properly not working.so that  not buy this mobile
The phone is awesome if u want to buy the phone don't think just buy good features... mostly the camera is to good and everything is good...
Mobile showing SIM card issue... When SIM card putting in other mobile it's working but when inserting in M30 it's not working... Disgusting
verry bad experience with M30. display blinking in 1 month. koi sunvai nahi bakar hai M30 bhoolkar bhi mat lena any query call me 9815290990
Best budget phone from Samsung .  Its very good phone.  The battery life is excellent and  the performance is decent. Camera quality is also decent..
Stunning picture quality and wonderful and long lasting battery life. In love with M30 now😍. Amazing fingerprint reader and face recognizing system.
I am already own this mobile..i am not satisfied with this , the dialing display color( Grey) not viewble on sunlight...How can i change this color..
Excellent  quality
Sir, everything is ok. I think some software problem .I am very sorry. iam give you to trouble. Please don't mind. Thank you.
Awesome display,v.v.good battery backup, camera works nice,wide angle options good.no lags when playing games,fingerprint sensor also working fast.
some Touch Problem and phone talking time heat problem
Camera is very good in light but In Camera not available slomo videos & battery life is good.. 100% charge mobile survive 11 hour
Cam fingerprint and battery life is good but face detection lock need improvement very slow and unlocks even when eyes are closed
Finger print reader is too slow and small to place finger apart from that Mobile was good
Loudspeaker sound especially during calls can be far better.Otherwise satisfied with overall phones performance.
Mobile very very bad applicationCamera quality is very poorBattery good voice call not good.
Everything is awesome from camera to storageGreat phone
My First phone  of Samsung smooth fine worth good battery life.
I like the display . No branded company can give same configuration phone in 18000 rs. Samsung giving this configuration in this low price is appriciated.
The stopped registering SIM card in the network
There is an unusual gap/space between the body and the grid frame  which exposes the inner part of the phone.So my order ha a defect.
Face scanner is very slow , and please add more than 3  finger print scanner. Otherwise  is superb quality phone.
No EIS Support & Slow Motion Video Recording support.Android P Update not available.Battery Backup also not so good.
Grt features
I am not satisfy with the product....i didnt get power charging much
Good phone under 15k with samsung name on it .. amazing display ..okok for gaming
Middle class segment phone. Camera little improvement required by samsung. Rest all are awesome
Nice phone ..

